content/parameters-parameter.md, before:

---
title: pipeline.parameters.parameter definition
description: Represents a value passed to a pipeline.
ms.date: 04/30/2025
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
author: juliakm
ms.author: jukullam
---

# pipeline.parameters.parameter definition

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
A parameter represents a value passed to a pipeline.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

```yaml
parameters:
- name: string # Required as first property.
  displayName: string # Human-readable name for the parameter.
  type: string
  default: string | parameters | [ parameters ]
  values: [ string ]
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::parents::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

Definitions that reference this definition: [parameters](parameters.md)

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::parents-end::: -->

## Properties

<!-- :::properties::: -->
<!-- :::item name="name"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`name`** string. Required as first property.<br><!-- :::editable-content name="propDescription"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="displayName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`displayName`** string.<br><!-- :::editable-content name="propDescription"::: -->
Human-readable name for the parameter.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="type"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

**`type`** string.<br><!-- :::editable-content name="propDescription"::: -->
See [**types**](#types).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2020"

**`type`** string.<br><!-- :::editable-content name="propDescription"::: -->
boolean | deployment | deploymentList | environment | filePath | job | jobList | number | object | pool | secureFile | serviceConnection | stage | stageList | step | stepList | string.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="default"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`default`** parameters.<br><!-- :::editable-content name="propDescription"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="values"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`values`** string list.<br><!-- :::editable-content name="propDescription"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

The `type` and `name` fields are required when defining parameters. Learn more about [parameter data types](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/runtime-parameters#parameter-data-types).

```yaml
parameters:
- name: string          # name of the parameter; required
  type: enum            # see the enum data types in the following section
  default: any          # default value; if no default, then the parameter MUST be given by the user at runtime
  values: [ string ]    # allowed list of values (for some data types)
```

### Types

The `type` value must be one of the `enum` members from the following table.

| Data type | Notes |
|-----------|-------|
| `string` | string |
| `number` | may be restricted to `values:`, otherwise any number-like string is accepted |
| `boolean` | `true` or `false` |
| `object` | any YAML structure |
| `step` | a single step |
| `stepList` | sequence of steps |
| `job` | a single job |
| `jobList` | sequence of jobs |
| `deployment` | a single deployment job |
| `deploymentList` | sequence of deployment jobs |
| `stage` | a single stage |
| `stageList` | sequence of stages |

The step, stepList, job, jobList, deployment, deploymentList, stage, and stageList data types all use standard YAML schema format. This example includes string, number, boolean, object, step, and stepList.

```yaml
parameters:
  - name: myString
    type: string
    default: a string
  - name: myMultiString
    type: string
    default: default
    values:
      - default
      - ubuntu
  - name: myNumber
    type: number
    default: 2
    values:
      - 1
      - 2
      - 4
      - 8
      - 16
  - name: myBoolean
    type: boolean
    default: true
  - name: myObject
    type: object
    default:
      foo: FOO
      bar: BAR
      things:
        - one
        - two
        - three
      nested:
        one: apple
        two: pear
        count: 3
  - name: myStep
    type: step
    default:
      script: echo my step
  - name: mySteplist
    type: stepList
    default:
      - script: echo step one
      - script: echo step two

trigger: none

jobs: 
  - job: stepList
    steps: ${{ parameters.mySteplist }}
  - job: myStep
    steps:
      - ${{ parameters.myStep }}
```
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
## Examples

```yaml
# File: azure-pipelines.yml
parameters:
- name: image
  displayName: Pool Image
  type: string
  default: ubuntu-latest
  values:
    - windows-latest
    - ubuntu-latest
    - macOS-latest

trigger: none

jobs:
  - job: build
    displayName: build
    pool: 
      vmImage: ${{ parameters.image }}
    steps:
      - script: echo The image parameter is ${{ parameters.image }}
```

Use parameters to extend a template. In this example, the pipeline using the template supplies the values to fill into the template.

```yaml
# File: simple-param.yml
parameters:
- name: yesNo # name of param; required
  type: boolean # data type of param; required
  default: false

steps:
- script: echo ${{ parameters.yesNo }}
```

```yaml
# File: azure-pipelines.yml
trigger:
- main

extends:
    template: simple-param.yml
    parameters:
        yesNo: false 
```

Use templates to define parameters and then pass those parameters to a pipeline.

```yaml
# File: template.yml 
parameters:
  - name: environment
    type: string
    default: 'production'

jobs:
- job: Deploy
  displayName: 'Deploy to ${{ parameters.environment }}'
  pool:
    vmImage: 'ubuntu-latest'
  steps:
  - script: echo "Deploying to ${{ parameters.environment }}"
    displayName: 'Deploy Step'
```

```yaml
# File: azure-pipelines.yml
trigger:
- main

pool:
  vmImage: 'ubuntu-latest'

jobs:
- template: template.yml
  parameters:
    environment: 'staging'
```
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
## See also

See [templates](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/templates) to learn more about working with templates.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

YAML Schema update PR integration (#628)
Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <Steve.Danielson@microsoft.com>

content/parameters-parameter.md, after:

---
title: pipeline.parameters.parameter definition
description: Represents a value passed to a pipeline.
ms.date: 05/14/2025
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
author: juliakm
ms.author: jukullam
---

# pipeline.parameters.parameter definition

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
A parameter represents a value passed to a pipeline.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

```yaml
parameters:
- name: string # Required as first property.
  displayName: string # Human-readable name for the parameter.
  type: string
  default: string | parameters | [ parameters ] # Default value; if no default, then the parameter MUST be given by the user at runtime.
  values: [ string ] # Allowed list of values (for some data types).
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2022.2"

```yaml
parameters:
- name: string # Required as first property.
  displayName: string # Human-readable name for the parameter.
  type: string
  default: string | parameters | [ parameters ]
  values: [ string ]
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::parents::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

Definitions that reference this definition: [parameters](parameters.md)

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::parents-end::: -->

## Properties

<!-- :::properties::: -->
<!-- :::item name="name"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`name`** string. Required as first property.<br><!-- :::editable-content name="propDescription"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="displayName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`displayName`** string.<br><!-- :::editable-content name="propDescription"::: -->
Human-readable name for the parameter.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="type"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

**`type`** string.<br><!-- :::editable-content name="propDescription"::: -->
See [**types**](#types).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2020"

**`type`** string.<br><!-- :::editable-content name="propDescription"::: -->
boolean | deployment | deploymentList | environment | filePath | job | jobList | number | object | pool | secureFile | serviceConnection | stage | stageList | step | stepList | string.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="default"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`default`** parameters.<br><!-- :::editable-content name="propDescription"::: -->
Default value; if no default, then the parameter MUST be given by the user at runtime.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="values"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`values`** string list.<br><!-- :::editable-content name="propDescription"::: -->
Allowed list of values (for some data types).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

The `type` and `name` fields are required when defining parameters. Learn more about [parameter data types](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/runtime-parameters#parameter-data-types).

```yaml
parameters:
- name: string          # name of the parameter; required
  type: enum            # see the enum data types in the following section
  default: any          # default value; if no default, then the parameter MUST be given by the user at runtime
  values: [ string ]    # allowed list of values (for some data types)
```

### Types

The `type` value must be one of the `enum` members from the following table.

| Data type | Notes |
|-----------|-------|
| `string` | string |
| `number` | may be restricted to `values:`, otherwise any number-like string is accepted |
| `boolean` | `true` or `false` |
| `object` | any YAML structure |
| `step` | a single step |
| `stepList` | sequence of steps |
| `job` | a single job |
| `jobList` | sequence of jobs |
| `deployment` | a single deployment job |
| `deploymentList` | sequence of deployment jobs |
| `stage` | a single stage |
| `stageList` | sequence of stages |

The step, stepList, job, jobList, deployment, deploymentList, stage, and stageList data types all use standard YAML schema format. This example includes string, number, boolean, object, step, and stepList.

```yaml
parameters:
  - name: myString
    type: string
    default: a string
  - name: myMultiString
    type: string
    default: default
    values:
      - default
      - ubuntu
  - name: myNumber
    type: number
    default: 2
    values:
      - 1
      - 2
      - 4
      - 8
      - 16
  - name: myBoolean
    type: boolean
    default: true
  - name: myObject
    type: object
    default:
      foo: FOO
      bar: BAR
      things:
        - one
        - two
        - three
      nested:
        one: apple
        two: pear
        count: 3
  - name: myStep
    type: step
    default:
      script: echo my step
  - name: mySteplist
    type: stepList
    default:
      - script: echo step one
      - script: echo step two

trigger: none

jobs: 
  - job: stepList
    steps: ${{ parameters.mySteplist }}
  - job: myStep
    steps:
      - ${{ parameters.myStep }}
```
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
## Examples

```yaml
# File: azure-pipelines.yml
parameters:
- name: image
  displayName: Pool Image
  type: string
  default: ubuntu-latest
  values:
    - windows-latest
    - ubuntu-latest
    - macOS-latest

trigger: none

jobs:
  - job: build
    displayName: build
    pool: 
      vmImage: ${{ parameters.image }}
    steps:
      - script: echo The image parameter is ${{ parameters.image }}
```

Use parameters to extend a template. In this example, the pipeline using the template supplies the values to fill into the template.

```yaml
# File: simple-param.yml
parameters:
- name: yesNo # name of param; required
  type: boolean # data type of param; required
  default: false

steps:
- script: echo ${{ parameters.yesNo }}
```

```yaml
# File: azure-pipelines.yml
trigger:
- main

extends:
    template: simple-param.yml
    parameters:
        yesNo: false 
```

Use templates to define parameters and then pass those parameters to a pipeline.

```yaml
# File: template.yml 
parameters:
  - name: environment
    type: string
    default: 'production'

jobs:
- job: Deploy
  displayName: 'Deploy to ${{ parameters.environment }}'
  pool:
    vmImage: 'ubuntu-latest'
  steps:
  - script: echo "Deploying to ${{ parameters.environment }}"
    displayName: 'Deploy Step'
```

```yaml
# File: azure-pipelines.yml
trigger:
- main

pool:
  vmImage: 'ubuntu-latest'

jobs:
- template: template.yml
  parameters:
    environment: 'staging'
```
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
## See also

See [templates](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/templates) to learn more about working with templates.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
