content/resources-repositories.md, before:

---
title: resources.repositories list definition
description: resources.repositories list definition reference.
ms.date: 01/25/2022
monikerRange: "= azure-pipelines || = azure-pipelines-2019 || = azure-pipelines-2019.1 || = azure-pipelines-2020 || = azure-pipelines-2020.1"
---

# resources.repositories list definition


List of repository resources referenced by the pipeline.


:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="repositoryResources[repositoryResource]" version="azure-pipelines-2019"::: -->

```yaml
repositories: [ repository ] # 
```


Properties that use this definition: [resources.repositories](resources.md)

## List types

| Type     | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [resources.repositories.repository](resources-repositories-repository.md) |  |

<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="repositoryResources[repositoryResource]" version="azure-pipelines-2019.1"::: -->

```yaml
repositories: [ repository ] # 
```


Properties that use this definition: [resources.repositories](resources.md)

## List types

| Type     | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [resources.repositories.repository](resources-repositories-repository.md) |  |

<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2020"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="repositoryResources[repositoryResource]" version="azure-pipelines-2020"::: -->

```yaml
repositories: [ repository ] # 
```


Properties that use this definition: [resources.repositories](resources.md)

## List types

| Type     | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [resources.repositories.repository](resources-repositories-repository.md) |  |

<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2020.1"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="repositoryResources[repositoryResource]" version="azure-pipelines-2020.1"::: -->

```yaml
repositories: [ repository ] # 
```


Properties that use this definition: [resources.repositories](resources.md)

## List types

| Type     | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [resources.repositories.repository](resources-repositories-repository.md) |  |

<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="repositoryResources[repositoryResource]" version="azure-pipelines"::: -->

```yaml
repositories: [ repository ] # 
```


Properties that use this definition: [resources.repositories](resources.md)

## List types

| Type     | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [resources.repositories.repository](resources-repositories-repository.md) |  |

<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end


<!-- Remarks -->


<!-- Examples -->


## See also

- [Add resources to a pipeline](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/resources)

Commit message:

Additional info for resources (#22)
* Additional info for resources

* Removed code block

* Webhooks

* Webhook filters

* Fix resource containers

* webhook filters

* Settable variables

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

content/resources-repositories.md, after:

---
title: resources.repositories list definition
description: resources.repositories list definition reference.
ms.date: 01/31/2022
monikerRange: "= azure-pipelines || = azure-pipelines-2019 || = azure-pipelines-2019.1 || = azure-pipelines-2020 || = azure-pipelines-2020.1"
---

# resources.repositories list definition


List of repository resources referenced by the pipeline.


:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="repositoryResources[repositoryResource]" version="azure-pipelines-2019"::: -->

```yaml
repositories: [ repository ] # 
```


Properties that use this definition: [resources.repositories](resources.md)

## List types

| Type     | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [resources.repositories.repository](resources-repositories-repository.md) | A repository resource is used to reference an additional repository in your pipeline. |

<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="repositoryResources[repositoryResource]" version="azure-pipelines-2019.1"::: -->

```yaml
repositories: [ repository ] # 
```


Properties that use this definition: [resources.repositories](resources.md)

## List types

| Type     | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [resources.repositories.repository](resources-repositories-repository.md) | A repository resource is used to reference an additional repository in your pipeline. |

<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2020"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="repositoryResources[repositoryResource]" version="azure-pipelines-2020"::: -->

```yaml
repositories: [ repository ] # 
```


Properties that use this definition: [resources.repositories](resources.md)

## List types

| Type     | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [resources.repositories.repository](resources-repositories-repository.md) | A repository resource is used to reference an additional repository in your pipeline. |

<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2020.1"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="repositoryResources[repositoryResource]" version="azure-pipelines-2020.1"::: -->

```yaml
repositories: [ repository ] # 
```


Properties that use this definition: [resources.repositories](resources.md)

## List types

| Type     | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [resources.repositories.repository](resources-repositories-repository.md) | A repository resource is used to reference an additional repository in your pipeline. |

<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="repositoryResources[repositoryResource]" version="azure-pipelines"::: -->

```yaml
repositories: [ repository ] # 
```


Properties that use this definition: [resources.repositories](resources.md)

## List types

| Type     | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [resources.repositories.repository](resources-repositories-repository.md) | A repository resource is used to reference an additional repository in your pipeline. |

<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end


<!-- Remarks -->


<!-- Examples -->


## See also

- [Add resources to a pipeline](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/resources)
