content/steps.md, before:

---
title: steps list definition
description: steps list definition reference.
ms.date: 01/25/2022
monikerRange: "= azure-pipelines || = azure-pipelines-2019 || = azure-pipelines-2019.1 || = azure-pipelines-2020 || = azure-pipelines-2020.1"
---

# steps list definition


Steps are a linear sequence of operations that make up a job.


:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="steps[step]" version="azure-pipelines-2019"::: -->

```yaml
steps: [ step ] # 
```


Properties that use this definition: [pipeline.steps](pipeline.md), [jobs.job.steps](jobs-job.md)

## List types

| Type     | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [steps.task](steps-task.md) | Run a task. |
| [steps.script](steps-script.md) | The script step is a shortcut for the command-line task. The task runs a script using cmd.exe on Windows and Bash on other platforms. |
| [steps.powershell](steps-powershell.md) | The powershell step is a shortcut for the PowerShell task. The task runs a script in Windows PowerShell. |
| [steps.pwsh](steps-pwsh.md) | The pwsh step is a shortcut for the PowerShell task when that task's pwsh value is set to true. The task runs a script in PowerShell Core on Windows, macOS, and Linux. |
| [steps.bash](steps-bash.md) | The bash step is a shortcut for the shell script task. The task runs a script in Bash on Windows, macOS, and Linux. |
| [steps.checkout](steps-checkout.md) | Checkout repositories. |
| [steps.download](steps-download.md) | The download step is a shortcut for the Download Pipeline Artifact task. The task downloads artifacts associated with the current run or from another Azure pipeline that is associated as a pipeline resource. |
| [steps.downloadBuild](steps-download-build.md) | Download build artifact. |
| [steps.publish](steps-publish.md) | The publish step is a shortcut for the Publish Pipeline Artifact task. The task publishes (uploads) a file or folder as a pipeline artifact that other jobs and pipelines can consume. |
| [steps.template](steps-template.md) | Run the steps in a template for this step. |
| [steps.restoreCache](steps-restore-cache.md) |  |
| [steps.saveCache](steps-save-cache.md) |  |

<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="steps[step]" version="azure-pipelines-2019.1"::: -->

```yaml
steps: [ step ] # 
```


Properties that use this definition: [pipeline.steps](pipeline.md), [jobs.job.steps](jobs-job.md)

## List types

| Type     | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [steps.task](steps-task.md) | Run a task. |
| [steps.script](steps-script.md) | The script step is a shortcut for the command-line task. The task runs a script using cmd.exe on Windows and Bash on other platforms. |
| [steps.powershell](steps-powershell.md) | The powershell step is a shortcut for the PowerShell task. The task runs a script in Windows PowerShell. |
| [steps.pwsh](steps-pwsh.md) | The pwsh step is a shortcut for the PowerShell task when that task's pwsh value is set to true. The task runs a script in PowerShell Core on Windows, macOS, and Linux. |
| [steps.bash](steps-bash.md) | The bash step is a shortcut for the shell script task. The task runs a script in Bash on Windows, macOS, and Linux. |
| [steps.checkout](steps-checkout.md) | Checkout repositories. |
| [steps.download](steps-download.md) | The download step is a shortcut for the Download Pipeline Artifact task. The task downloads artifacts associated with the current run or from another Azure pipeline that is associated as a pipeline resource. |
| [steps.downloadBuild](steps-download-build.md) | Download build artifact. |
| [steps.publish](steps-publish.md) | The publish step is a shortcut for the Publish Pipeline Artifact task. The task publishes (uploads) a file or folder as a pipeline artifact that other jobs and pipelines can consume. |
| [steps.template](steps-template.md) | Run the steps in a template for this step. |
| [steps.restoreCache](steps-restore-cache.md) |  |
| [steps.saveCache](steps-save-cache.md) |  |

<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2020"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="steps[step]" version="azure-pipelines-2020"::: -->

```yaml
steps: [ step ] # 
```


Properties that use this definition: [pipeline.steps](pipeline.md), [jobs.job.steps](jobs-job.md)

## List types

| Type     | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [steps.task](steps-task.md) | Run a task. |
| [steps.script](steps-script.md) | The script step is a shortcut for the command-line task. The task runs a script using cmd.exe on Windows and Bash on other platforms. |
| [steps.powershell](steps-powershell.md) | The powershell step is a shortcut for the PowerShell task. The task runs a script in Windows PowerShell. |
| [steps.pwsh](steps-pwsh.md) | The pwsh step is a shortcut for the PowerShell task when that task's pwsh value is set to true. The task runs a script in PowerShell Core on Windows, macOS, and Linux. |
| [steps.bash](steps-bash.md) | The bash step is a shortcut for the shell script task. The task runs a script in Bash on Windows, macOS, and Linux. |
| [steps.checkout](steps-checkout.md) | Checkout repositories. |
| [steps.download](steps-download.md) | The download step is a shortcut for the Download Pipeline Artifact task. The task downloads artifacts associated with the current run or from another Azure pipeline that is associated as a pipeline resource. |
| [steps.downloadBuild](steps-download-build.md) | Download build artifact. |
| [steps.getPackage](steps-get-package.md) | Download a package resource. |
| [steps.publish](steps-publish.md) | The publish step is a shortcut for the Publish Pipeline Artifact task. The task publishes (uploads) a file or folder as a pipeline artifact that other jobs and pipelines can consume. |
| [steps.template](steps-template.md) | Run the steps in a template for this step. |
| [steps.restoreCache](steps-restore-cache.md) |  |
| [steps.saveCache](steps-save-cache.md) |  |
| [steps.reviewApp](steps-review-app.md) | The reviewApp step is a shortcut for the ReviewApp@0 task. Use this task under deploy phase provider to create a resource dynamically. |

<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2020.1"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="steps[step]" version="azure-pipelines-2020.1"::: -->

```yaml
steps: [ step ] # 
```


Properties that use this definition: [pipeline.steps](pipeline.md), [jobs.job.steps](jobs-job.md)

## List types

| Type     | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [steps.task](steps-task.md) | Run a task. |
| [steps.script](steps-script.md) | The script step is a shortcut for the command-line task. The task runs a script using cmd.exe on Windows and Bash on other platforms. |
| [steps.powershell](steps-powershell.md) | The powershell step is a shortcut for the PowerShell task. The task runs a script in Windows PowerShell. |
| [steps.pwsh](steps-pwsh.md) | The pwsh step is a shortcut for the PowerShell task when that task's pwsh value is set to true. The task runs a script in PowerShell Core on Windows, macOS, and Linux. |
| [steps.bash](steps-bash.md) | The bash step is a shortcut for the shell script task. The task runs a script in Bash on Windows, macOS, and Linux. |
| [steps.checkout](steps-checkout.md) | Checkout repositories. |
| [steps.download](steps-download.md) | The download step is a shortcut for the Download Pipeline Artifact task. The task downloads artifacts associated with the current run or from another Azure pipeline that is associated as a pipeline resource. |
| [steps.downloadBuild](steps-download-build.md) | Download build artifact. |
| [steps.getPackage](steps-get-package.md) | Download a package resource. |
| [steps.publish](steps-publish.md) | The publish step is a shortcut for the Publish Pipeline Artifact task. The task publishes (uploads) a file or folder as a pipeline artifact that other jobs and pipelines can consume. |
| [steps.template](steps-template.md) | Run the steps in a template for this step. |
| [steps.restoreCache](steps-restore-cache.md) |  |
| [steps.saveCache](steps-save-cache.md) |  |
| [steps.reviewApp](steps-review-app.md) | The reviewApp step is a shortcut for the ReviewApp@0 task. Use this task under deploy phase provider to create a resource dynamically. |

<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="steps[step]" version="azure-pipelines"::: -->

```yaml
steps: [ step ] # 
```


Properties that use this definition: [pipeline.steps](pipeline.md), [jobs.job.steps](jobs-job.md)

## List types

| Type     | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [steps.task](steps-task.md) | Run a task. |
| [steps.script](steps-script.md) | The script step is a shortcut for the command-line task. The task runs a script using cmd.exe on Windows and Bash on other platforms. |
| [steps.powershell](steps-powershell.md) | The powershell step is a shortcut for the PowerShell task. The task runs a script in Windows PowerShell. |
| [steps.pwsh](steps-pwsh.md) | The pwsh step is a shortcut for the PowerShell task when that task's pwsh value is set to true. The task runs a script in PowerShell Core on Windows, macOS, and Linux. |
| [steps.bash](steps-bash.md) | The bash step is a shortcut for the shell script task. The task runs a script in Bash on Windows, macOS, and Linux. |
| [steps.checkout](steps-checkout.md) | Checkout repositories. |
| [steps.download](steps-download.md) | The download step is a shortcut for the Download Pipeline Artifact task. The task downloads artifacts associated with the current run or from another Azure pipeline that is associated as a pipeline resource. |
| [steps.downloadBuild](steps-download-build.md) | Download build artifact. |
| [steps.getPackage](steps-get-package.md) | Download a package resource. |
| [steps.publish](steps-publish.md) | The publish step is a shortcut for the Publish Pipeline Artifact task. The task publishes (uploads) a file or folder as a pipeline artifact that other jobs and pipelines can consume. |
| [steps.template](steps-template.md) | Run the steps in a template for this step. |
| [steps.restoreCache](steps-restore-cache.md) |  |
| [steps.saveCache](steps-save-cache.md) |  |
| [steps.reviewApp](steps-review-app.md) | The reviewApp step is a shortcut for the ReviewApp@0 task. Use this task under deploy phase provider to create a resource dynamically. |

<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end


## Remarks

Each step runs in its own process on an agent and has access to the pipeline workspace on a local hard drive.
This behavior means environment variables aren't preserved between steps but file system changes are.

All steps, regardless of whether they're documented in this article, support the following properties:

- **displayName**
- **name**
- **condition**
- **continueOnError**
- **enabled**
- **env**
- **timeoutInMinutes**


## Examples

```yaml
steps:
- script: echo This runs in the default shell on any machine
- bash: |
    echo This multiline script always runs in Bash.
    echo Even on Windows machines!
- pwsh: |
    Write-Host "This multiline script always runs in PowerShell Core."
    Write-Host "Even on non-Windows machines!"
```






<!-- See also -->

Commit message:

Add detail to steps (#16)
* download and downloadStep

* cache steps

* Task block

* Add details

* Extends

* Links

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

content/steps.md, after:

---
title: steps list definition
description: steps list definition reference.
ms.date: 01/27/2022
monikerRange: "= azure-pipelines || = azure-pipelines-2019 || = azure-pipelines-2019.1 || = azure-pipelines-2020 || = azure-pipelines-2020.1"
---

# steps list definition


Steps are a linear sequence of operations that make up a job.


:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="steps[step]" version="azure-pipelines-2019"::: -->

```yaml
steps: [ step ] # 
```


Properties that use this definition: [pipeline.steps](pipeline.md), [jobs.job.steps](jobs-job.md)

## List types

| Type     | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [steps.task](steps-task.md) | Run a task. |
| [steps.script](steps-script.md) | The script step is a shortcut for the command-line task. The task runs a script using cmd.exe on Windows and Bash on other platforms. |
| [steps.powershell](steps-powershell.md) | The powershell step is a shortcut for the PowerShell task. The task runs a script in Windows PowerShell. |
| [steps.pwsh](steps-pwsh.md) | The pwsh step is a shortcut for the PowerShell task when that task's pwsh value is set to true. The task runs a script in PowerShell Core on Windows, macOS, and Linux. |
| [steps.bash](steps-bash.md) | The bash step is a shortcut for the shell script task. The task runs a script in Bash on Windows, macOS, and Linux. |
| [steps.checkout](steps-checkout.md) | Checkout repositories. |
| [steps.download](steps-download.md) | The download step is a shortcut for the Download Pipeline Artifact task. The task downloads artifacts associated with the current run or from another Azure pipeline that is associated as a pipeline resource. |
| [steps.downloadBuild](steps-download-build.md) | Download build artifact. |
| [steps.publish](steps-publish.md) | The publish step is a shortcut for the Publish Pipeline Artifact task. The task publishes (uploads) a file or folder as a pipeline artifact that other jobs and pipelines can consume. |
| [steps.template](steps-template.md) | Run the steps in a template for this step. |
| [steps.restoreCache](steps-restore-cache.md) |  |
| [steps.saveCache](steps-save-cache.md) |  |

<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="steps[step]" version="azure-pipelines-2019.1"::: -->

```yaml
steps: [ step ] # 
```


Properties that use this definition: [pipeline.steps](pipeline.md), [jobs.job.steps](jobs-job.md)

## List types

| Type     | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [steps.task](steps-task.md) | Run a task. |
| [steps.script](steps-script.md) | The script step is a shortcut for the command-line task. The task runs a script using cmd.exe on Windows and Bash on other platforms. |
| [steps.powershell](steps-powershell.md) | The powershell step is a shortcut for the PowerShell task. The task runs a script in Windows PowerShell. |
| [steps.pwsh](steps-pwsh.md) | The pwsh step is a shortcut for the PowerShell task when that task's pwsh value is set to true. The task runs a script in PowerShell Core on Windows, macOS, and Linux. |
| [steps.bash](steps-bash.md) | The bash step is a shortcut for the shell script task. The task runs a script in Bash on Windows, macOS, and Linux. |
| [steps.checkout](steps-checkout.md) | Checkout repositories. |
| [steps.download](steps-download.md) | The download step is a shortcut for the Download Pipeline Artifact task. The task downloads artifacts associated with the current run or from another Azure pipeline that is associated as a pipeline resource. |
| [steps.downloadBuild](steps-download-build.md) | Download build artifact. |
| [steps.publish](steps-publish.md) | The publish step is a shortcut for the Publish Pipeline Artifact task. The task publishes (uploads) a file or folder as a pipeline artifact that other jobs and pipelines can consume. |
| [steps.template](steps-template.md) | Run the steps in a template for this step. |
| [steps.restoreCache](steps-restore-cache.md) |  |
| [steps.saveCache](steps-save-cache.md) |  |

<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2020"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="steps[step]" version="azure-pipelines-2020"::: -->

```yaml
steps: [ step ] # 
```


Properties that use this definition: [pipeline.steps](pipeline.md), [jobs.job.steps](jobs-job.md)

## List types

| Type     | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [steps.task](steps-task.md) | Run a task. |
| [steps.script](steps-script.md) | The script step is a shortcut for the command-line task. The task runs a script using cmd.exe on Windows and Bash on other platforms. |
| [steps.powershell](steps-powershell.md) | The powershell step is a shortcut for the PowerShell task. The task runs a script in Windows PowerShell. |
| [steps.pwsh](steps-pwsh.md) | The pwsh step is a shortcut for the PowerShell task when that task's pwsh value is set to true. The task runs a script in PowerShell Core on Windows, macOS, and Linux. |
| [steps.bash](steps-bash.md) | The bash step is a shortcut for the shell script task. The task runs a script in Bash on Windows, macOS, and Linux. |
| [steps.checkout](steps-checkout.md) | Checkout repositories. |
| [steps.download](steps-download.md) | The download step is a shortcut for the Download Pipeline Artifact task. The task downloads artifacts associated with the current run or from another Azure pipeline that is associated as a pipeline resource. |
| [steps.downloadBuild](steps-download-build.md) | Download build artifact. |
| [steps.getPackage](steps-get-package.md) | Download a package resource. |
| [steps.publish](steps-publish.md) | The publish step is a shortcut for the Publish Pipeline Artifact task. The task publishes (uploads) a file or folder as a pipeline artifact that other jobs and pipelines can consume. |
| [steps.template](steps-template.md) | Run the steps in a template for this step. |
| [steps.restoreCache](steps-restore-cache.md) |  |
| [steps.saveCache](steps-save-cache.md) |  |
| [steps.reviewApp](steps-review-app.md) | The reviewApp step is a shortcut for the ReviewApp@0 task. Use this task under deploy phase provider to create a resource dynamically. |

<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2020.1"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="steps[step]" version="azure-pipelines-2020.1"::: -->

```yaml
steps: [ step ] # 
```


Properties that use this definition: [pipeline.steps](pipeline.md), [jobs.job.steps](jobs-job.md)

## List types

| Type     | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [steps.task](steps-task.md) | Run a task. |
| [steps.script](steps-script.md) | The script step is a shortcut for the command-line task. The task runs a script using cmd.exe on Windows and Bash on other platforms. |
| [steps.powershell](steps-powershell.md) | The powershell step is a shortcut for the PowerShell task. The task runs a script in Windows PowerShell. |
| [steps.pwsh](steps-pwsh.md) | The pwsh step is a shortcut for the PowerShell task when that task's pwsh value is set to true. The task runs a script in PowerShell Core on Windows, macOS, and Linux. |
| [steps.bash](steps-bash.md) | The bash step is a shortcut for the shell script task. The task runs a script in Bash on Windows, macOS, and Linux. |
| [steps.checkout](steps-checkout.md) | Checkout repositories. |
| [steps.download](steps-download.md) | The download step is a shortcut for the Download Pipeline Artifact task. The task downloads artifacts associated with the current run or from another Azure pipeline that is associated as a pipeline resource. |
| [steps.downloadBuild](steps-download-build.md) | Download build artifact. |
| [steps.getPackage](steps-get-package.md) | Download a package resource. |
| [steps.publish](steps-publish.md) | The publish step is a shortcut for the Publish Pipeline Artifact task. The task publishes (uploads) a file or folder as a pipeline artifact that other jobs and pipelines can consume. |
| [steps.template](steps-template.md) | Run the steps in a template for this step. |
| [steps.restoreCache](steps-restore-cache.md) |  |
| [steps.saveCache](steps-save-cache.md) |  |
| [steps.reviewApp](steps-review-app.md) | The reviewApp step is a shortcut for the ReviewApp@0 task. Use this task under deploy phase provider to create a resource dynamically. |

<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="steps[step]" version="azure-pipelines"::: -->

```yaml
steps: [ step ] # 
```


Properties that use this definition: [pipeline.steps](pipeline.md), [jobs.job.steps](jobs-job.md)

## List types

| Type     | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [steps.task](steps-task.md) | Run a task. |
| [steps.script](steps-script.md) | The script step is a shortcut for the command-line task. The task runs a script using cmd.exe on Windows and Bash on other platforms. |
| [steps.powershell](steps-powershell.md) | The powershell step is a shortcut for the PowerShell task. The task runs a script in Windows PowerShell. |
| [steps.pwsh](steps-pwsh.md) | The pwsh step is a shortcut for the PowerShell task when that task's pwsh value is set to true. The task runs a script in PowerShell Core on Windows, macOS, and Linux. |
| [steps.bash](steps-bash.md) | The bash step is a shortcut for the shell script task. The task runs a script in Bash on Windows, macOS, and Linux. |
| [steps.checkout](steps-checkout.md) | Checkout repositories. |
| [steps.download](steps-download.md) | The download step is a shortcut for the Download Pipeline Artifact task. The task downloads artifacts associated with the current run or from another Azure pipeline that is associated as a pipeline resource. |
| [steps.downloadBuild](steps-download-build.md) | Download build artifact. |
| [steps.getPackage](steps-get-package.md) | Download a package resource. |
| [steps.publish](steps-publish.md) | The publish step is a shortcut for the Publish Pipeline Artifact task. The task publishes (uploads) a file or folder as a pipeline artifact that other jobs and pipelines can consume. |
| [steps.template](steps-template.md) | Run the steps in a template for this step. |
| [steps.restoreCache](steps-restore-cache.md) |  |
| [steps.saveCache](steps-save-cache.md) |  |
| [steps.reviewApp](steps-review-app.md) | The reviewApp step is a shortcut for the ReviewApp@0 task. Use this task under deploy phase provider to create a resource dynamically. |

<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end


## Remarks

Each step runs in its own process on an agent and has access to the pipeline workspace on a local hard drive.
This behavior means environment variables aren't preserved between steps but file system changes are.

All steps, regardless of whether they're documented in this article, support the following properties:

- **displayName**
- **name**
- **condition**
- **continueOnError**
- **enabled**
- **env**
- **timeoutInMinutes**


## Examples

```yaml
steps:
- script: echo This runs in the default shell on any machine
- bash: |
    echo This multiline script always runs in Bash.
    echo Even on Windows machines!
- pwsh: |
    Write-Host "This multiline script always runs in PowerShell Core."
    Write-Host "Even on non-Windows machines!"
```


## See also

- [Specify jobs in your pipeline](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/phases)
- [Task types and usage](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/tasks)
