content/steps-review-app.md, before:

---
title: steps.reviewApp definition
description: steps.reviewApp definition reference.
ms.date: 01/27/2022
monikerRange: "= azure-pipelines || = azure-pipelines-2020 || = azure-pipelines-2020.1"
---

# steps.reviewApp definition


The `reviewApp` step downloads creates a resource dynamically under a deploy phase provider.


:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2020"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="step{reviewApp}" version="azure-pipelines-2020"::: -->

```yaml
steps:
- reviewApp: string # Required as first property. Use this task under deploy phase provider to create a resource dynamically.. 
  condition: string # Evaluate this condition expression to determine whether to run this task. 
  continueOnError: boolean # Continue running even on failure?.  (false,n,no,off,on,true,y,yes)
  displayName: string # Human-readable name for the task. 
  target: stepTarget # Environment in which to run this task
  enabled: boolean # Run this task when the job runs?.  (false,n,no,off,on,true,y,yes)
  env:  # Variables to map into the process's environment
    string: string # Name/value pairs.
  name: string # ID of the step.  ([-_A-Za-z0-9]*)
  timeoutInMinutes: string # Time to wait for this task to complete before the server kills it. 
```


Properties that use this definition: [steps](steps.md)

## Properties


<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `reviewApp`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Required as first parameter. Use this task under deploy phase provider to create a resource dynamically. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `condition`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Evaluate this condition expression to determine whether to run this task. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `continueOnError`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
boolean
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Continue running even on failure? 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `displayName`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Human-readable name for the task. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `target`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
[target](target.md)
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Environment in which to run this task. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `enabled`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
boolean
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Run this task when the job runs? 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `env`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string name/value pairs
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Variables to map into the process's environment. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `name`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->ID of the step. Acceptable values: [_A-Za-z0-9]*
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `timeoutInMinutes`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Time to wait for this task to complete before the server kills it. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___





<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2020.1"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="step{reviewApp}" version="azure-pipelines-2020.1"::: -->

```yaml
steps:
- reviewApp: string # Required as first property. Use this task under deploy phase provider to create a resource dynamically.. 
  condition: string # Evaluate this condition expression to determine whether to run this task. 
  continueOnError: boolean # Continue running even on failure?.  (false,n,no,off,on,true,y,yes)
  displayName: string # Human-readable name for the task. 
  target: stepTarget # Environment in which to run this task
  enabled: boolean # Run this task when the job runs?.  (false,n,no,off,on,true,y,yes)
  env:  # Variables to map into the process's environment
    string: string # Name/value pairs.
  name: string # ID of the step.  ([-_A-Za-z0-9]*)
  timeoutInMinutes: string # Time to wait for this task to complete before the server kills it. 
```


Properties that use this definition: [steps](steps.md)

## Properties


<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `reviewApp`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Required as first parameter. Use this task under deploy phase provider to create a resource dynamically. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `condition`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Evaluate this condition expression to determine whether to run this task. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `continueOnError`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
boolean
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Continue running even on failure? 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `displayName`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Human-readable name for the task. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `target`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
[target](target.md)
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Environment in which to run this task. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `enabled`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
boolean
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Run this task when the job runs? 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `env`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string name/value pairs
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Variables to map into the process's environment. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `name`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->ID of the step. Acceptable values: [_A-Za-z0-9]*
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `timeoutInMinutes`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Time to wait for this task to complete before the server kills it. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___





<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="step{reviewApp}" version="azure-pipelines"::: -->

```yaml
steps:
- reviewApp: string # Required as first property. Use this task under deploy phase provider to create a resource dynamically.. 
  condition: string # Evaluate this condition expression to determine whether to run this task. 
  continueOnError: boolean # Continue running even on failure?.  (false,n,no,off,on,true,y,yes)
  displayName: string # Human-readable name for the task. 
  target: stepTarget # Environment in which to run this task
  enabled: boolean # Run this task when the job runs?.  (false,n,no,off,on,true,y,yes)
  env:  # Variables to map into the process's environment
    string: string # Name/value pairs.
  name: string # ID of the step.  ([-_A-Za-z0-9]*)
  timeoutInMinutes: string # Time to wait for this task to complete before the server kills it. 
```


Properties that use this definition: [steps](steps.md)

## Properties


<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `reviewApp`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Required as first parameter. Use this task under deploy phase provider to create a resource dynamically. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `condition`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Evaluate this condition expression to determine whether to run this task. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `continueOnError`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
boolean
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Continue running even on failure? 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `displayName`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Human-readable name for the task. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `target`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
[target](target.md)
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Environment in which to run this task. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `enabled`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
boolean
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Run this task when the job runs? 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `env`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string name/value pairs
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Variables to map into the process's environment. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `name`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->ID of the step. Acceptable values: [-_A-Za-z0-9]*
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `timeoutInMinutes`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Time to wait for this task to complete before the server kills it. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___





<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end


## Remarks

The `reviewApp` keyword is a shortcut for the [Review App task](https://github.com/microsoft/azure-pipelines-tasks/tree/master/Tasks/ReviewAppV0).


<!-- Examples -->


## See also

- [Review App task](https://github.com/microsoft/azure-pipelines-tasks/tree/master/Tasks/ReviewAppV0)

Commit message:

Auto retries for a task (#29)
Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

content/steps-review-app.md, after:

---
title: steps.reviewApp definition
description: steps.reviewApp definition reference.
ms.date: 02/16/2022
monikerRange: "= azure-pipelines || = azure-pipelines-2020 || = azure-pipelines-2020.1"
---

# steps.reviewApp definition


The `reviewApp` step downloads creates a resource dynamically under a deploy phase provider.


:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2020"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="step{reviewApp}" version="azure-pipelines-2020"::: -->

```yaml
steps:
- reviewApp: string # Required as first property. Use this task under deploy phase provider to create a resource dynamically.. 
  condition: string # Evaluate this condition expression to determine whether to run this task. 
  continueOnError: boolean # Continue running even on failure?.  (false,n,no,off,on,true,y,yes)
  displayName: string # Human-readable name for the task. 
  target: stepTarget # Environment in which to run this task
  enabled: boolean # Run this task when the job runs?.  (false,n,no,off,on,true,y,yes)
  env:  # Variables to map into the process's environment
    string: string # Name/value pairs.
  name: string # ID of the step.  ([-_A-Za-z0-9]*)
  timeoutInMinutes: string # Time to wait for this task to complete before the server kills it. 
```


Properties that use this definition: [steps](steps.md)

## Properties


<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `reviewApp`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Required as first parameter. Use this task under deploy phase provider to create a resource dynamically. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `condition`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Evaluate this condition expression to determine whether to run this task. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `continueOnError`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
boolean
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Continue running even on failure? 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `displayName`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Human-readable name for the task. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `target`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
[target](target.md)
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Environment in which to run this task. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `enabled`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
boolean
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Run this task when the job runs? 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `env`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string name/value pairs
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Variables to map into the process's environment. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `name`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->ID of the step. Acceptable values: [_A-Za-z0-9]*
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `timeoutInMinutes`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Time to wait for this task to complete before the server kills it. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___





<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2020.1"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="step{reviewApp}" version="azure-pipelines-2020.1"::: -->

```yaml
steps:
- reviewApp: string # Required as first property. Use this task under deploy phase provider to create a resource dynamically.. 
  condition: string # Evaluate this condition expression to determine whether to run this task. 
  continueOnError: boolean # Continue running even on failure?.  (false,n,no,off,on,true,y,yes)
  displayName: string # Human-readable name for the task. 
  target: stepTarget # Environment in which to run this task
  enabled: boolean # Run this task when the job runs?.  (false,n,no,off,on,true,y,yes)
  env:  # Variables to map into the process's environment
    string: string # Name/value pairs.
  name: string # ID of the step.  ([-_A-Za-z0-9]*)
  timeoutInMinutes: string # Time to wait for this task to complete before the server kills it. 
```


Properties that use this definition: [steps](steps.md)

## Properties


<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `reviewApp`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Required as first parameter. Use this task under deploy phase provider to create a resource dynamically. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `condition`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Evaluate this condition expression to determine whether to run this task. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `continueOnError`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
boolean
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Continue running even on failure? 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `displayName`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Human-readable name for the task. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `target`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
[target](target.md)
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Environment in which to run this task. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `enabled`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
boolean
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Run this task when the job runs? 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `env`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string name/value pairs
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Variables to map into the process's environment. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `name`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->ID of the step. Acceptable values: [_A-Za-z0-9]*
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `timeoutInMinutes`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Time to wait for this task to complete before the server kills it. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___





<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="step{reviewApp}" version="azure-pipelines"::: -->

```yaml
steps:
- reviewApp: string # Required as first property. Use this task under deploy phase provider to create a resource dynamically.. 
  condition: string # Evaluate this condition expression to determine whether to run this task. 
  continueOnError: boolean # Continue running even on failure?.  (false,n,no,off,on,true,y,yes)
  displayName: string # Human-readable name for the task. 
  target: stepTarget # Environment in which to run this task
  enabled: boolean # Run this task when the job runs?.  (false,n,no,off,on,true,y,yes)
  env:  # Variables to map into the process's environment
    string: string # Name/value pairs.
  name: string # ID of the step.  ([-_A-Za-z0-9]*)
  timeoutInMinutes: string # Time to wait for this task to complete before the server kills it. 
  retryCountOnTaskFailure: string # Number of retries if the task fails. 
```


Properties that use this definition: [steps](steps.md)

## Properties


<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `reviewApp`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Required as first parameter. Use this task under deploy phase provider to create a resource dynamically. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `condition`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Evaluate this condition expression to determine whether to run this task. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `continueOnError`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
boolean
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Continue running even on failure? 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `displayName`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Human-readable name for the task. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `target`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
[target](target.md)
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Environment in which to run this task. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `enabled`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
boolean
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Run this task when the job runs? 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `env`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string name/value pairs
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Variables to map into the process's environment. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `name`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->ID of the step. Acceptable values: [-_A-Za-z0-9]*
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `timeoutInMinutes`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Time to wait for this task to complete before the server kills it. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `retryCountOnTaskFailure`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Number of retries if the task fails. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___





<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end


## Remarks

The `reviewApp` keyword is a shortcut for the [Review App task](https://github.com/microsoft/azure-pipelines-tasks/tree/master/Tasks/ReviewAppV0).


<!-- Examples -->


## See also

- [Review App task](https://github.com/microsoft/azure-pipelines-tasks/tree/master/Tasks/ReviewAppV0)
