content/variables-name.md, before:

---
title: variables.name definition
description: variables.name definition reference.
ms.date: 01/25/2022
monikerRange: "= azure-pipelines || = azure-pipelines-2019 || = azure-pipelines-2019.1 || = azure-pipelines-2020 || = azure-pipelines-2020.1"
---

# variables.name definition




:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="variable{name}" version="azure-pipelines-2019"::: -->

```yaml
variable:
  name: string # Required as first property. Variable name.. 
  value: string # Variable value.. 
```


Properties that use this definition: [variables.](variables.md)

## Properties


<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `name`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Required as first parameter. Variable name. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `value`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Variable value. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___





<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="variable{name}" version="azure-pipelines-2019.1"::: -->

```yaml
variable:
  name: string # Required as first property. Variable name.. 
  value: string # Variable value.. 
```


Properties that use this definition: [variables.](variables.md)

## Properties


<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `name`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Required as first parameter. Variable name. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `value`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Variable value. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___





<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2020"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="variable{name}" version="azure-pipelines-2020"::: -->

```yaml
variable:
  name: string # Required as first property. Variable name.. 
  value: string # Variable value.. 
  readonly: boolean # Whether a YAML variable is read-only; default is false..  (false,n,no,off,on,true,y,yes)
```


Properties that use this definition: [variables.](variables.md)

## Properties


<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `name`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Required as first parameter. Variable name. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `value`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Variable value. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `readonly`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
boolean
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Whether a YAML variable is read-only; default is false. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___





<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2020.1"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="variable{name}" version="azure-pipelines-2020.1"::: -->

```yaml
variable:
  name: string # Required as first property. Variable name.. 
  value: string # Variable value.. 
  readonly: boolean # Whether a YAML variable is read-only; default is false..  (false,n,no,off,on,true,y,yes)
```


Properties that use this definition: [variables.](variables.md)

## Properties


<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `name`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Required as first parameter. Variable name. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `value`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Variable value. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `readonly`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
boolean
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Whether a YAML variable is read-only; default is false. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___





<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="variable{name}" version="azure-pipelines"::: -->

```yaml
variable:
  name: string # Required as first property. Variable name.. 
  value: string # Variable value.. 
  readonly: boolean # Whether a YAML variable is read-only; default is false..  (false,n,no,off,on,true,y,yes)
```


Properties that use this definition: [variables.](variables.md)

## Properties


<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `name`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Required as first parameter. Variable name. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `value`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Variable value. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `readonly`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
boolean
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Whether a YAML variable is read-only; default is false. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___





<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end


<!-- Remarks -->


<!-- Examples -->

<!-- See also -->

Commit message:

Updates to variables definition (#9)
* Variables code block

* Overload descriptions

* Variables list properties

* H2

* Variable link

* Variables property

* Variables

* Extends root keyword

* TOC and index ordering

* Variable templates

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

content/variables-name.md, after:

---
title: variables.name definition
description: variables.name definition reference.
ms.date: 01/26/2022
monikerRange: "= azure-pipelines || = azure-pipelines-2019 || = azure-pipelines-2019.1 || = azure-pipelines-2020 || = azure-pipelines-2020.1"
---

# variables.name definition


Define variables using the full syntax.


:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="variable{name}" version="azure-pipelines-2019"::: -->

```yaml
variable:
  name: string # Required as first property. Variable name.. 
  value: string # Variable value.. 
```


Properties that use this definition: [variables.](variables.md)

## Properties


<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `name`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Required as first parameter. Variable name. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `value`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Variable value. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___





<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="variable{name}" version="azure-pipelines-2019.1"::: -->

```yaml
variable:
  name: string # Required as first property. Variable name.. 
  value: string # Variable value.. 
```


Properties that use this definition: [variables.](variables.md)

## Properties


<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `name`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Required as first parameter. Variable name. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `value`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Variable value. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___





<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2020"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="variable{name}" version="azure-pipelines-2020"::: -->

```yaml
variable:
  name: string # Required as first property. Variable name.. 
  value: string # Variable value.. 
  readonly: boolean # Whether a YAML variable is read-only; default is false..  (false,n,no,off,on,true,y,yes)
```


Properties that use this definition: [variables.](variables.md)

## Properties


<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `name`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Required as first parameter. Variable name. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `value`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Variable value. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `readonly`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
boolean
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Whether a YAML variable is read-only; default is false. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___





<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines-2020.1"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="variable{name}" version="azure-pipelines-2020.1"::: -->

```yaml
variable:
  name: string # Required as first property. Variable name.. 
  value: string # Variable value.. 
  readonly: boolean # Whether a YAML variable is read-only; default is false..  (false,n,no,off,on,true,y,yes)
```


Properties that use this definition: [variables.](variables.md)

## Properties


<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `name`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Required as first parameter. Variable name. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `value`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Variable value. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `readonly`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
boolean
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Whether a YAML variable is read-only; default is false. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___





<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="= azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::api-definition signature="variable{name}" version="azure-pipelines"::: -->

```yaml
variable:
  name: string # Required as first property. Variable name.. 
  value: string # Variable value.. 
  readonly: boolean # Whether a YAML variable is read-only; default is false..  (false,n,no,off,on,true,y,yes)
```


Properties that use this definition: [variables.](variables.md)

## Properties


<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `name`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Required as first parameter. Variable name. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `value`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
string
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Variable value. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___



<!-- :::api-property::: -->
:::row:::
  :::column:::
   <!-- :::api-property-name::: -->
   `readonly`
   <!-- :::api-property-name-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
  :::column span="3":::
<!-- :::api-property-type::: --> 
boolean
<!-- :::api-property-type-end::: -->  
<!-- :::api-desc type="property"::: -->Whether a YAML variable is read-only; default is false. 
 <!-- :::api-desc-end::: -->
  :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::
<!-- :::api-property-end::: -->
___





<!-- :::api-definition-end::: -->

:::moniker-end


## Remarks

If you want to reference a variable group and define variables in the same variables section, you must use the full syntax.


## Examples

```yaml
variables:
- name: one
  value: initialValue
- name: two
  value: value2
```


## See also

- [Add & use variable groups](/azure/devops/pipelines/library/variable-groups)
- [Define variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/variables)
