task-reference/android-signing-v3.md, before:

---
title: AndroidSigning@3 - Android Signing v3 task
description: Sign and align Android APK files.
ms.date: 08/10/2022
monikerRange: ">=azure-pipelines-2019"
---

# AndroidSigning@3 - Android Signing v3 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Sign and align Android APK files.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

```yaml
# Android Signing v3
# Sign and align Android APK files.
- task: AndroidSigning@3
  inputs:
    apkFiles: '**/*.apk' # string. Required. APK files. Default: '**/*.apk'.
  # Signing Options
    #apksign: true # boolean. Sign the APK. Default: true.
    apksignerKeystoreFile: # string. Required when apksign = true. Keystore file. 
    #apksignerKeystorePassword: # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. Keystore password. 
    #apksignerKeystoreAlias: # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. Alias. 
    #apksignerKeyPassword: # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. Key password. 
    #apksignerVersion: 'latest' # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. apksigner version. Default: 'latest'.
    #apksignerArguments: '--verbose' # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. apksigner arguments. Default: '--verbose'.
    #apksignerFile: # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. apksigner location. 
  # Zipalign Options
    #zipalign: true # boolean. Zipalign. Default: true.
    #zipalignVersion: 'latest' # string. Optional. Use when zipalign = true. Zipalign version. Default: 'latest'.
    #zipalignFile: # string. Optional. Use when zipalign = true. Zipalign location.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019 <=azure-pipelines-2020"

```yaml
# Android Signing v3
# Sign and align Android APK files.
- task: AndroidSigning@3
  inputs:
    apkFiles: '**/*.apk' # string. Required. APK files. Default: '**/*.apk'.
  # Signing Options
    #apksign: true # boolean. Sign the APK. Default: true.
    apksignerKeystoreFile: # string. Required when apksign = true. Keystore file. 
    #apksignerKeystorePassword: # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. Keystore password. 
    #apksignerKeystoreAlias: # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. Alias. 
    #apksignerKeyPassword: # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. Key password. 
    #apksignerArguments: '--verbose' # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. apksigner arguments. Default: '--verbose'.
    #apksignerFile: # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. apksigner location. 
  # Zipalign Options
    #zipalign: true # boolean. Zipalign. Default: true.
    #zipalignFile: # string. Optional. Use when zipalign = true. Zipalign location.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="apkFiles"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`apkFiles`** - **APK files**<br>
Input alias: `files`. Type: string. Required. Default value: '**/*.apk'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Relative path from the repo root to the APK(s) you want to sign. You can use wildcards to specify multiple files ([more information](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=856077)). For example, `**/bin/*.apk` for all .APK files in the 'bin' subfolder.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="apksign"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`apksign`** - **Sign the APK**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select this option to sign the APK with a provided keystore file. Unsigned APKs can only run in an emulator. APKs must be signed to run on a device.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="apksignerKeystoreFile"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`apksignerKeystoreFile`** - **Keystore file**<br>
Input alias: `keystoreFile`. Type: string. Required when apksign = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the keystore file that was uploaded to `Secure Files` to be used to sign the APK.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="apksignerKeystorePassword"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`apksignerKeystorePassword`** - **Keystore password**<br>
Input alias: `keystorePass`. Type: string. Optional. Use when apksign = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter the password for the provided keystore file. Use a new variable with its lock enabled on the Variables tab to encrypt this value.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="apksignerKeystoreAlias"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`apksignerKeystoreAlias`** - **Alias**<br>
Input alias: `keystoreAlias`. Type: string. Optional. Use when apksign = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter the alias that identifies the public/private key pair to be used in the keystore file.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="apksignerKeyPassword"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`apksignerKeyPassword`** - **Key password**<br>
Input alias: `keyPass`. Type: string. Optional. Use when apksign = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter the key password for the alias and keystore file. Use a new variable with its lock enabled on the Variables tab to encrypt this value.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="apksignerVersion"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

**`apksignerVersion`** - **apksigner version**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. Default value: 'latest'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter Android SDK build-tools version to look apksigner executable from.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="apksignerArguments"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`apksignerArguments`** - **apksigner arguments**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. Default value: '--verbose'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Provide any options to pass to the apksigner command line. Default is: --verbose.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="apksignerFile"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`apksignerFile`** - **apksigner location**<br>
Input alias: `apksignerLocation`. Type: string. Optional. Use when apksign = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Optionally specify the location of the apksigner executable used during signing. This defaults to the apksigner found in the Android SDK version folder that your application builds against.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="zipalign"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`zipalign`** - **Zipalign**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select if you want to zipalign your package. This reduces the amount of RAM consumed by an app.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="zipalignVersion"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

**`zipalignVersion`** - **Zipalign version**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when zipalign = true. Default value: 'latest'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter Android SDK build-tools version to look zipalign executable from.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="zipalignFile"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`zipalignFile`** - **Zipalign location**<br>
Input alias: `zipalignLocation`. Type: string. Optional. Use when zipalign = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Optionally specify the location of the zipalign executable used during signing. This defaults to the zipalign found in the Android SDK version folder that your application builds against.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

This version of the task uses apksigner instead of jarsigner to sign APKs.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2022"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | Self-hosted agents must have [capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) that match the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) to run jobs that use this task: JDK |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | This task runs using the following [command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions): restricted |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | This task has permission to [set the following variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions): Setting variables is disabled |
| Agent version |  2.182.1 or greater |
| Task category | Build |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1 <=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | Self-hosted agents must have [capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) that match the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) to run jobs that use this task: JDK |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.116.0 or greater |
| Task category | Build |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | Self-hosted agents must have [capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) that match the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) to run jobs that use this task: JDK, AndroidSDK |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.116.0 or greater |
| Task category | Build |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/android-signing-v3.md, after:

---
title: AndroidSigning@3 - Android Signing v3 task
description: Sign and align Android APK files.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: ">=azure-pipelines-2019"
---

# AndroidSigning@3 - Android Signing v3 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Sign and align Android APK files.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

```yaml
# Android Signing v3
# Sign and align Android APK files.
- task: AndroidSigning@3
  inputs:
    apkFiles: '**/*.apk' # string. Required. APK files. Default: '**/*.apk'.
  # Signing Options
    #apksign: true # boolean. Sign the APK. Default: true.
    apksignerKeystoreFile: # string. Required when apksign = true. Keystore file. 
    #apksignerKeystorePassword: # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. Keystore password. 
    #apksignerKeystoreAlias: # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. Alias. 
    #apksignerKeyPassword: # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. Key password. 
    #apksignerVersion: 'latest' # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. apksigner version. Default: 'latest'.
    #apksignerArguments: '--verbose' # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. apksigner arguments. Default: '--verbose'.
    #apksignerFile: # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. apksigner location. 
  # Zipalign Options
    #zipalign: true # boolean. Zipalign. Default: true.
    #zipalignVersion: 'latest' # string. Optional. Use when zipalign = true. Zipalign version. Default: 'latest'.
    #zipalignFile: # string. Optional. Use when zipalign = true. Zipalign location.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019 <=azure-pipelines-2020"

```yaml
# Android Signing v3
# Sign and align Android APK files.
- task: AndroidSigning@3
  inputs:
    apkFiles: '**/*.apk' # string. Required. APK files. Default: '**/*.apk'.
  # Signing Options
    #apksign: true # boolean. Sign the APK. Default: true.
    apksignerKeystoreFile: # string. Required when apksign = true. Keystore file. 
    #apksignerKeystorePassword: # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. Keystore password. 
    #apksignerKeystoreAlias: # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. Alias. 
    #apksignerKeyPassword: # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. Key password. 
    #apksignerArguments: '--verbose' # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. apksigner arguments. Default: '--verbose'.
    #apksignerFile: # string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. apksigner location. 
  # Zipalign Options
    #zipalign: true # boolean. Zipalign. Default: true.
    #zipalignFile: # string. Optional. Use when zipalign = true. Zipalign location.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="apkFiles"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`apkFiles`** - **APK files**<br>
Input alias: `files`. Type: string. Required. Default value: '**/*.apk'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Relative path from the repo root to the APK(s) you want to sign. You can use wildcards to specify multiple files ([more information](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=856077)). For example, `**/bin/*.apk` for all .APK files in the 'bin' subfolder.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="apksign"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`apksign`** - **Sign the APK**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select this option to sign the APK with a provided keystore file. Unsigned APKs can only run in an emulator. APKs must be signed to run on a device.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="apksignerKeystoreFile"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`apksignerKeystoreFile`** - **Keystore file**<br>
Input alias: `keystoreFile`. Type: string. Required when apksign = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the keystore file that was uploaded to `Secure Files` to be used to sign the APK.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="apksignerKeystorePassword"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`apksignerKeystorePassword`** - **Keystore password**<br>
Input alias: `keystorePass`. Type: string. Optional. Use when apksign = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter the password for the provided keystore file. Use a new variable with its lock enabled on the Variables tab to encrypt this value.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="apksignerKeystoreAlias"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`apksignerKeystoreAlias`** - **Alias**<br>
Input alias: `keystoreAlias`. Type: string. Optional. Use when apksign = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter the alias that identifies the public/private key pair to be used in the keystore file.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="apksignerKeyPassword"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`apksignerKeyPassword`** - **Key password**<br>
Input alias: `keyPass`. Type: string. Optional. Use when apksign = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter the key password for the alias and keystore file. Use a new variable with its lock enabled on the Variables tab to encrypt this value.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="apksignerVersion"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

**`apksignerVersion`** - **apksigner version**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. Default value: 'latest'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter Android SDK build-tools version to look apksigner executable from.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="apksignerArguments"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`apksignerArguments`** - **apksigner arguments**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when apksign = true. Default value: '--verbose'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Provide any options to pass to the apksigner command line. Default is: --verbose.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="apksignerFile"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`apksignerFile`** - **apksigner location**<br>
Input alias: `apksignerLocation`. Type: string. Optional. Use when apksign = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Optionally specify the location of the apksigner executable used during signing. This defaults to the apksigner found in the Android SDK version folder that your application builds against.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="zipalign"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`zipalign`** - **Zipalign**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select if you want to zipalign your package. This reduces the amount of RAM consumed by an app.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="zipalignVersion"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

**`zipalignVersion`** - **Zipalign version**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when zipalign = true. Default value: 'latest'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter Android SDK build-tools version to look zipalign executable from.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="zipalignFile"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`zipalignFile`** - **Zipalign location**<br>
Input alias: `zipalignLocation`. Type: string. Optional. Use when zipalign = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Optionally specify the location of the zipalign executable used during signing. This defaults to the zipalign found in the Android SDK version folder that your application builds against.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

This version of the task uses apksigner instead of jarsigner to sign APKs.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2022"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | Self-hosted agents must have [capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) that match the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) to run jobs that use this task: JDK |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | This task runs using the following [command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions): restricted |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | This task has permission to [set the following variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions): Setting variables is disabled |
| Agent version |  2.182.1 or greater |
| Task category | Build |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1 <=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | Self-hosted agents must have [capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) that match the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) to run jobs that use this task: JDK |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.116.0 or greater |
| Task category | Build |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | Self-hosted agents must have [capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) that match the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) to run jobs that use this task: JDK, AndroidSDK |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.116.0 or greater |
| Task category | Build |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
