task-reference/android-build-v1.md, before:

---
title: AndroidBuild@1 - Android Build v1 task
description: AndroidBuild@1 is deprecated. Use Gradle.
ms.date: 08/18/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# AndroidBuild@1 - Android Build v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
AndroidBuild@1 is deprecated. Use Gradle.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

This task is deprecated.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Android Build v1
# AndroidBuild@1 is deprecated. Use Gradle.
- task: AndroidBuild@1
  inputs:
    #gradleWrapper: # string. Location of Gradle Wrapper. 
    #gradleProj: # string. Project Directory. 
    #gradleArguments: 'build' # string. Gradle Arguments. Default: 'build'.
  # Android Virtual Device (AVD) Options
    avdName: 'AndroidBuildEmulator' # string. Required. Name. Default: 'AndroidBuildEmulator'.
    #createAvd: AndroidBuildEmulator # boolean. Create AVD. Default: AndroidBuildEmulator.
    #emulatorTarget: 'android-19' # string. Required when createAvd = true. AVD Target SDK. Default: 'android-19'.
    #emulatorDevice: 'Nexus 5' # string. Optional. Use when createAvd = true. AVD Device. Default: 'Nexus 5'.
    #avdAbi: 'default/armeabi-v7a' # string. Required when createAvd = true. AVD ABI. Default: 'default/armeabi-v7a'.
    #avdForce: false # boolean. Optional. Use when createAvd = true. Overwrite Existing AVD. Default: false.
    #avdOptionalArgs: # string. Optional. Use when createAvd = true. Create AVD Optional Arguments. 
  # Emulator Options
    #startEmulator: false # boolean. Start and Stop Android Emulator. Default: false.
    #emulatorTimeout: '300' # string. Required when startEmulator = true. Timeout in Seconds. Default: '300'.
    #emulatorHeadless: false # boolean. Optional. Use when startEmulator = true. Headless Display. Default: false.
    #emulatorOptionalArgs: '-no-snapshot-load -no-snapshot-save' # string. Optional. Use when startEmulator = true. Emulator Optional Arguments. Default: '-no-snapshot-load -no-snapshot-save'.
    #deleteAvd: false # boolean. Optional. Use when startEmulator = true. Delete AVD. Default: false.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="gradleWrapper"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`gradleWrapper`** - **Location of Gradle Wrapper**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="gradleProj"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`gradleProj`** - **Project Directory**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="gradleArguments"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`gradleArguments`** - **Gradle Arguments**<br>
Type: string. Default value: 'build'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="avdName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`avdName`** - **Name**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: 'AndroidBuildEmulator'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Name of the Android Virtual Device (AVD) to be started or created.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="createAvd"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`createAvd`** - **Create AVD**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: AndroidBuildEmulator.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Create the named Android Virtual Device (AVD).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="emulatorTarget"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`emulatorTarget`** - **AVD Target SDK**<br>
Type: string. Required when createAvd = true. Default value: 'android-19'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Target ID of the new Android Virtual Device (AVD).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="emulatorDevice"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`emulatorDevice`** - **AVD Device**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when createAvd = true. Default value: 'Nexus 5'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The optional device definition to use. Can be a device index or ID.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="avdAbi"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`avdAbi`** - **AVD ABI**<br>
Type: string. Required when createAvd = true. Default value: 'default/armeabi-v7a'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The ABI to use for the Android Virtual Device (AVD).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="avdForce"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`avdForce`** - **Overwrite Existing AVD**<br>
Type: boolean. Optional. Use when createAvd = true. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Passing --force to 'android create avd' command.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="avdOptionalArgs"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`avdOptionalArgs`** - **Create AVD Optional Arguments**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when createAvd = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Additional arguments passed to 'android create avd'.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="startEmulator"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`startEmulator`** - **Start and Stop Android Emulator**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Start Android emulator and stop emulator after this task finishes.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="emulatorTimeout"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`emulatorTimeout`** - **Timeout in Seconds**<br>
Type: string. Required when startEmulator = true. Default value: '300'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
How long build will wait for the emulator to start.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="emulatorHeadless"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`emulatorHeadless`** - **Headless Display**<br>
Type: boolean. Optional. Use when startEmulator = true. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Use '-no-skin -no-audio -no-window' when start the emulator.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="emulatorOptionalArgs"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`emulatorOptionalArgs`** - **Emulator Optional Arguments**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when startEmulator = true. Default value: '-no-snapshot-load -no-snapshot-save'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Additional arguments passed to Android 'tools\emulator'.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="deleteAvd"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`deleteAvd`** - **Delete AVD**<br>
Type: boolean. Optional. Use when startEmulator = true. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | Self-hosted agents must have [capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) that match the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) to run jobs that use this task: AndroidSDK |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  1.83.0 or greater |
| Task category | Build |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/android-build-v1.md, after:

---
title: AndroidBuild@1 - Android Build v1 task
description: AndroidBuild@1 is deprecated. Use Gradle.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# AndroidBuild@1 - Android Build v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
AndroidBuild@1 is deprecated. Use Gradle.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

This task is deprecated.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Android Build v1
# AndroidBuild@1 is deprecated. Use Gradle.
- task: AndroidBuild@1
  inputs:
    #gradleWrapper: # string. Location of Gradle Wrapper. 
    #gradleProj: # string. Project Directory. 
    #gradleArguments: 'build' # string. Gradle Arguments. Default: 'build'.
  # Android Virtual Device (AVD) Options
    avdName: 'AndroidBuildEmulator' # string. Required. Name. Default: 'AndroidBuildEmulator'.
    #createAvd: AndroidBuildEmulator # boolean. Create AVD. Default: AndroidBuildEmulator.
    #emulatorTarget: 'android-19' # string. Required when createAvd = true. AVD Target SDK. Default: 'android-19'.
    #emulatorDevice: 'Nexus 5' # string. Optional. Use when createAvd = true. AVD Device. Default: 'Nexus 5'.
    #avdAbi: 'default/armeabi-v7a' # string. Required when createAvd = true. AVD ABI. Default: 'default/armeabi-v7a'.
    #avdForce: false # boolean. Optional. Use when createAvd = true. Overwrite Existing AVD. Default: false.
    #avdOptionalArgs: # string. Optional. Use when createAvd = true. Create AVD Optional Arguments. 
  # Emulator Options
    #startEmulator: false # boolean. Start and Stop Android Emulator. Default: false.
    #emulatorTimeout: '300' # string. Required when startEmulator = true. Timeout in Seconds. Default: '300'.
    #emulatorHeadless: false # boolean. Optional. Use when startEmulator = true. Headless Display. Default: false.
    #emulatorOptionalArgs: '-no-snapshot-load -no-snapshot-save' # string. Optional. Use when startEmulator = true. Emulator Optional Arguments. Default: '-no-snapshot-load -no-snapshot-save'.
    #deleteAvd: false # boolean. Optional. Use when startEmulator = true. Delete AVD. Default: false.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="gradleWrapper"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`gradleWrapper`** - **Location of Gradle Wrapper**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="gradleProj"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`gradleProj`** - **Project Directory**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="gradleArguments"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`gradleArguments`** - **Gradle Arguments**<br>
Type: string. Default value: 'build'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="avdName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`avdName`** - **Name**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: 'AndroidBuildEmulator'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Name of the Android Virtual Device (AVD) to be started or created.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="createAvd"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`createAvd`** - **Create AVD**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: AndroidBuildEmulator.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Create the named Android Virtual Device (AVD).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="emulatorTarget"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`emulatorTarget`** - **AVD Target SDK**<br>
Type: string. Required when createAvd = true. Default value: 'android-19'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Target ID of the new Android Virtual Device (AVD).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="emulatorDevice"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`emulatorDevice`** - **AVD Device**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when createAvd = true. Default value: 'Nexus 5'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The optional device definition to use. Can be a device index or ID.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="avdAbi"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`avdAbi`** - **AVD ABI**<br>
Type: string. Required when createAvd = true. Default value: 'default/armeabi-v7a'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The ABI to use for the Android Virtual Device (AVD).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="avdForce"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`avdForce`** - **Overwrite Existing AVD**<br>
Type: boolean. Optional. Use when createAvd = true. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Passing --force to 'android create avd' command.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="avdOptionalArgs"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`avdOptionalArgs`** - **Create AVD Optional Arguments**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when createAvd = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Additional arguments passed to 'android create avd'.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="startEmulator"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`startEmulator`** - **Start and Stop Android Emulator**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Start Android emulator and stop emulator after this task finishes.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="emulatorTimeout"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`emulatorTimeout`** - **Timeout in Seconds**<br>
Type: string. Required when startEmulator = true. Default value: '300'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
How long build will wait for the emulator to start.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="emulatorHeadless"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`emulatorHeadless`** - **Headless Display**<br>
Type: boolean. Optional. Use when startEmulator = true. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Use '-no-skin -no-audio -no-window' when start the emulator.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="emulatorOptionalArgs"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`emulatorOptionalArgs`** - **Emulator Optional Arguments**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when startEmulator = true. Default value: '-no-snapshot-load -no-snapshot-save'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Additional arguments passed to Android 'tools\emulator'.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="deleteAvd"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`deleteAvd`** - **Delete AVD**<br>
Type: boolean. Optional. Use when startEmulator = true. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | Self-hosted agents must have [capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) that match the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) to run jobs that use this task: AndroidSDK |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  1.83.0 or greater |
| Task category | Build |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
