task-reference/azure-function-v1.md, before:

---
title: AzureFunction@1 - Invoke Azure Function v1 task
description: Invoke an Azure Function.
ms.date: 08/18/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# AzureFunction@1 - Invoke Azure Function v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Invoke an Azure Function from an agentless job in your pipeline.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# Invoke Azure Function v1
# Invoke an Azure Function.
- task: AzureFunction@1
  inputs:
    function: # string. Required. Azure function URL. 
    key: # string. Required. Function key. 
    method: 'POST' # 'OPTIONS' | 'GET' | 'HEAD' | 'POST' | 'PUT' | 'DELETE' | 'TRACE' | 'PATCH'. Required. Method. Default: 'POST'.
    #headers: # string. Headers. 
    #queryParameters: # string. Query parameters. 
    #body: # string. Optional. Use when method != GET && method != HEAD. Body. 
  # Advanced
    waitForCompletion: 'false' # 'true' | 'false'. Required. Completion event. Default: 'false'.
    #successCriteria: # string. Optional. Use when waitForCompletion = false. Success criteria.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Invoke Azure Function v1
# Invoke an Azure Function as a part of your pipeline.
- task: AzureFunction@1
  inputs:
    function: # string. Required. Azure function URL. 
    key: # string. Required. Function key. 
    method: 'POST' # 'OPTIONS' | 'GET' | 'HEAD' | 'POST' | 'PUT' | 'DELETE' | 'TRACE' | 'PATCH'. Required. Method. Default: 'POST'.
    #headers: # string. Headers. 
    #queryParameters: # string. Query parameters. 
    #body: # string. Optional. Use when method != GET && method != HEAD. Body. 
  # Advanced
    waitForCompletion: 'false' # 'true' | 'false'. Required. Completion event. Default: 'false'.
    #successCriteria: # string. Optional. Use when waitForCompletion = false. Success criteria.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="function"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`function`** - **Azure function URL**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
URL of the Azure function that needs to be invoked​. Example:- https://azurefunctionapp.azurewebsites.net/api/HttpTriggerJS1.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`function`** - **Azure function url**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
URL of the Azure function that needs to be invoked​. Example:- https://azurefunctionapp.azurewebsites.net/api/HttpTriggerJS1.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="key"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`key`** - **Function key**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Function or Host key with which to access this function. To keep the key secure, define a secret variable and use it here. Example: - $(myFunctionKey) where myFunctionKey is a secret pipeline variable with a value of the secret key, like `ZxPXnIEODXLRzYwCw1TgZ4osMfoKs9Zn6se6X/N0FnztfDvZbdOmYw==`.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="method"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`method`** - **Method**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'OPTIONS', 'GET', 'HEAD', 'POST', 'PUT', 'DELETE', 'TRACE', 'PATCH'. Default value: 'POST'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the HTTP method with which the function should be invoked.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="headers"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`headers`** - **Headers**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Define a header in JSON format. The header shall be attached to the request that is sent.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="queryParameters"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`queryParameters`** - **Query parameters**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Query parameters string to append to the function URL. It should not start with with "?" nor "&".
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="body"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`body`** - **Body**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when method != GET && method != HEAD.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
JSON-formatted message body for the request.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="waitForCompletion"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`waitForCompletion`** - **Completion event**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'true', 'false'. Default value: 'false'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Use `true` in YAML to represent **Callback**, and `false` for **ApiResponse**.

* `false` (**ApiResponse**) - The function returns success and success criteria evaluates to true. This is the default if no value is specified for this input.
* `true` (**Callback**) - The function makes a callback to update the timeline record.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="successCriteria"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`successCriteria`** - **Success criteria**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when waitForCompletion = false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Criteria which defines when to pass the task. No criteria means the response content does not influence the result. Example: For response `{"status" : "successful"}`, the expression can be `eq(root['status'], 'successful')`. [More information](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/conditions)​.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

Use this task in an [agentless job](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/phases#server-jobs) of a release pipeline to invoke an HTTP triggered function in a function app that is created and hosted in Azure Functions and parse the response.

### Where should a task signal completion when **Callback** is chosen as the completion event?

To signal completion, the function should POST completion data to the following pipelines REST endpoint.

```
{planUri}/{projectId}/_apis/distributedtask/hubs/{hubName}/plans/{planId}/events?api-version=2.0-preview.1

**Request Body**
{ "name": "TaskCompleted", "taskId": "taskInstanceId", "jobId": "jobId", "result": "succeeded" }
```
See [this simple cmdline application](https://github.com/Microsoft/azure-pipelines-extensions/tree/master/ServerTaskHelper/HttpRequestSampleWithoutHandler) for specifics. 
In addition, a C# helper library is available to enable live logging and managing task status for agentless tasks. [Learn more](/archive/blogs/aseemb/async-http-agentless-task) 

### Why does the task fail within 1 minute when the timeout is longer?

If the function executes for more than 1 minute, use the **Callback** completion event. The API Response completion option is supported for requests that complete within 60 seconds.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
## Examples

### Example of an Azure Function that uses the callback completion mode

```
#r "Newtonsoft.Json"

using System;
using System.Net;
using System.Net.Http;
using System.Net.Http.Headers;
using System.Text;
using System.Threading;
using Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc;
using Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives;
using Newtonsoft.Json;

public static async Task<IActionResult> Run(HttpRequest req, ILogger log)
{
    var url = req.Headers["PlanUrl"];
    var projectId = req.Headers["ProjectId"];
    var hubName = req.Headers["HubName"];
    var planId = req.Headers["PlanId"];
    var jobId = req.Headers["JobId"];
    var timelineId = req.Headers["TimelineId"];
    var taskInstanceId = req.Headers["TaskinstanceId"];
    var authToken = req.Headers["AuthToken"];

    var callbackUrl = $"{url}/{projectId}/_apis/distributedtask/hubs/{hubName}/plans/{planId}/events?api-version=2.0-preview.1";
  
    var successBody = JsonConvert.SerializeObject(new {
        name = "TaskCompleted",
        taskId = taskInstanceId.ToString(),
        jobId = jobId.ToString(),
        result = "succeeded"
    });

    // the following call does not block
    Task.Run(() =>
    {
        Thread.Sleep(70000); // simulate long running work
        PostEvent(callbackUrl, successBody, authToken, log);
    });
   
    return new OkObjectResult("Long-running job successfully scheduled!");
}
    
public static void PostEvent(String callbackUrl, String body, String authToken, ILogger log)
{
    try
    {
        var client = new HttpClient();
        client.DefaultRequestHeaders.Authorization = new AuthenticationHeaderValue("Bearer", authToken);
        var requestContent = new StringContent(body, Encoding.UTF8, "application/json");
        var response = client.PostAsync(new Uri(callbackUrl), requestContent).Result;
        var responseContent = response.Content.ReadAsStringAsync().Result;
        log.LogInformation(response.StatusCode.ToString());
        log.LogInformation(responseContent);
    }
    catch (Exception ex)
    {
        log.LogError(ex.Message);
    }
}
```
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Server, ServerGate |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Utility |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
## See also

* [Automate Azure Functions deployments with Azure Pipelines](/learn/modules/deploy-azure-functions/)
* [Agentless job](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/phases#server-jobs)
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/azure-function-v1.md, after:

---
title: AzureFunction@1 - Invoke Azure Function v1 task
description: Invoke an Azure Function.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# AzureFunction@1 - Invoke Azure Function v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Invoke an Azure Function from an agentless job in your pipeline.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# Invoke Azure Function v1
# Invoke an Azure Function.
- task: AzureFunction@1
  inputs:
    function: # string. Required. Azure function URL. 
    key: # string. Required. Function key. 
    method: 'POST' # 'OPTIONS' | 'GET' | 'HEAD' | 'POST' | 'PUT' | 'DELETE' | 'TRACE' | 'PATCH'. Required. Method. Default: 'POST'.
    #headers: # string. Headers. 
    #queryParameters: # string. Query parameters. 
    #body: # string. Optional. Use when method != GET && method != HEAD. Body. 
  # Advanced
    waitForCompletion: 'false' # 'true' | 'false'. Required. Completion event. Default: 'false'.
    #successCriteria: # string. Optional. Use when waitForCompletion = false. Success criteria.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Invoke Azure Function v1
# Invoke an Azure Function as a part of your pipeline.
- task: AzureFunction@1
  inputs:
    function: # string. Required. Azure function URL. 
    key: # string. Required. Function key. 
    method: 'POST' # 'OPTIONS' | 'GET' | 'HEAD' | 'POST' | 'PUT' | 'DELETE' | 'TRACE' | 'PATCH'. Required. Method. Default: 'POST'.
    #headers: # string. Headers. 
    #queryParameters: # string. Query parameters. 
    #body: # string. Optional. Use when method != GET && method != HEAD. Body. 
  # Advanced
    waitForCompletion: 'false' # 'true' | 'false'. Required. Completion event. Default: 'false'.
    #successCriteria: # string. Optional. Use when waitForCompletion = false. Success criteria.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="function"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`function`** - **Azure function URL**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
URL of the Azure function that needs to be invoked​. Example:- https://azurefunctionapp.azurewebsites.net/api/HttpTriggerJS1.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`function`** - **Azure function url**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
URL of the Azure function that needs to be invoked​. Example:- https://azurefunctionapp.azurewebsites.net/api/HttpTriggerJS1.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="key"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`key`** - **Function key**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Function or Host key with which to access this function. To keep the key secure, define a secret variable and use it here. Example: - $(myFunctionKey) where myFunctionKey is a secret pipeline variable with a value of the secret key, like `ZxPXnIEODXLRzYwCw1TgZ4osMfoKs9Zn6se6X/N0FnztfDvZbdOmYw==`.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="method"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`method`** - **Method**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'OPTIONS', 'GET', 'HEAD', 'POST', 'PUT', 'DELETE', 'TRACE', 'PATCH'. Default value: 'POST'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the HTTP method with which the function should be invoked.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="headers"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`headers`** - **Headers**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Define a header in JSON format. The header shall be attached to the request that is sent.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="queryParameters"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`queryParameters`** - **Query parameters**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Query parameters string to append to the function URL. It should not start with with "?" nor "&".
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="body"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`body`** - **Body**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when method != GET && method != HEAD.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
JSON-formatted message body for the request.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="waitForCompletion"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`waitForCompletion`** - **Completion event**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'true', 'false'. Default value: 'false'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Use `true` in YAML to represent **Callback**, and `false` for **ApiResponse**.

* `false` (**ApiResponse**) - The function returns success and success criteria evaluates to true. This is the default if no value is specified for this input.
* `true` (**Callback**) - The function makes a callback to update the timeline record.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="successCriteria"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`successCriteria`** - **Success criteria**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when waitForCompletion = false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Criteria which defines when to pass the task. No criteria means the response content does not influence the result. Example: For response `{"status" : "successful"}`, the expression can be `eq(root['status'], 'successful')`. [More information](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/conditions)​.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

Use this task in an [agentless job](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/phases#server-jobs) of a release pipeline to invoke an HTTP triggered function in a function app that is created and hosted in Azure Functions and parse the response.

### Where should a task signal completion when **Callback** is chosen as the completion event?

To signal completion, the function should POST completion data to the following pipelines REST endpoint.

```
{planUri}/{projectId}/_apis/distributedtask/hubs/{hubName}/plans/{planId}/events?api-version=2.0-preview.1

**Request Body**
{ "name": "TaskCompleted", "taskId": "taskInstanceId", "jobId": "jobId", "result": "succeeded" }
```
See [this simple cmdline application](https://github.com/Microsoft/azure-pipelines-extensions/tree/master/ServerTaskHelper/HttpRequestSampleWithoutHandler) for specifics. 
In addition, a C# helper library is available to enable live logging and managing task status for agentless tasks. [Learn more](/archive/blogs/aseemb/async-http-agentless-task) 

### Why does the task fail within 1 minute when the timeout is longer?

If the function executes for more than 1 minute, use the **Callback** completion event. The API Response completion option is supported for requests that complete within 60 seconds.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
## Examples

### Example of an Azure Function that uses the callback completion mode

```
#r "Newtonsoft.Json"

using System;
using System.Net;
using System.Net.Http;
using System.Net.Http.Headers;
using System.Text;
using System.Threading;
using Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc;
using Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives;
using Newtonsoft.Json;

public static async Task<IActionResult> Run(HttpRequest req, ILogger log)
{
    var url = req.Headers["PlanUrl"];
    var projectId = req.Headers["ProjectId"];
    var hubName = req.Headers["HubName"];
    var planId = req.Headers["PlanId"];
    var jobId = req.Headers["JobId"];
    var timelineId = req.Headers["TimelineId"];
    var taskInstanceId = req.Headers["TaskinstanceId"];
    var authToken = req.Headers["AuthToken"];

    var callbackUrl = $"{url}/{projectId}/_apis/distributedtask/hubs/{hubName}/plans/{planId}/events?api-version=2.0-preview.1";
  
    var successBody = JsonConvert.SerializeObject(new {
        name = "TaskCompleted",
        taskId = taskInstanceId.ToString(),
        jobId = jobId.ToString(),
        result = "succeeded"
    });

    // the following call does not block
    Task.Run(() =>
    {
        Thread.Sleep(70000); // simulate long running work
        PostEvent(callbackUrl, successBody, authToken, log);
    });
   
    return new OkObjectResult("Long-running job successfully scheduled!");
}
    
public static void PostEvent(String callbackUrl, String body, String authToken, ILogger log)
{
    try
    {
        var client = new HttpClient();
        client.DefaultRequestHeaders.Authorization = new AuthenticationHeaderValue("Bearer", authToken);
        var requestContent = new StringContent(body, Encoding.UTF8, "application/json");
        var response = client.PostAsync(new Uri(callbackUrl), requestContent).Result;
        var responseContent = response.Content.ReadAsStringAsync().Result;
        log.LogInformation(response.StatusCode.ToString());
        log.LogInformation(responseContent);
    }
    catch (Exception ex)
    {
        log.LogError(ex.Message);
    }
}
```
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Server, ServerGate |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Utility |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
## See also

* [Automate Azure Functions deployments with Azure Pipelines](/learn/modules/deploy-azure-functions/)
* [Agentless job](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/phases#server-jobs)
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
