task-reference/azure-load-test-v1.md, before:

---
title: AzureLoadTest@1 - Azure Load Testing v1 task
description: Automate performance regression testing with Azure Load Testing.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "=azure-pipelines"
---

# AzureLoadTest@1 - Azure Load Testing v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Automate performance regression testing with Azure Load Testing.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

```yaml
# Azure Load Testing v1
# Automate performance regression testing with Azure Load Testing.
- task: AzureLoadTest@1
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure subscription. 
    loadTestConfigFile: # string. Required. Load Test File. 
    resourceGroup: # string. Required. Load Test Resource Group. 
    loadTestResource: # string. Required. Load Test Resource Name. 
    #secrets: # string. Secrets. 
    #env: # string. env.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="azureSubscription"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`azureSubscription`** - **Azure subscription**<br>
Input alias: `connectedServiceNameARM`. Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select an Azure Resource Manager subscription to run the load test.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="loadTestConfigFile"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`loadTestConfigFile`** - **Load Test File**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Path of the YAML file. Should be fully qualified path or relative to the default working directory.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="resourceGroup"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`resourceGroup`** - **Load Test Resource Group**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter or Select the Azure Resource Group that contains the Load test resource.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="loadTestResource"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`loadTestResource`** - **Load Test Resource Name**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter or Select the name of an existing Azure Load Testing resource.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="secrets"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`secrets`** - **Secrets**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Add/Update secret parameters using the json syntax as shown in the following example.

```json
[
   {
    "name": "key1",
    "value": $(secret1)
   },
   {
    "name": "key2",
    "value": $(secret2)
   }
]
```
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="env"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`env`** - **env**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Add/Update environment variables using the json syntax as shown in the following example.

```json
[
   {
    "name": "env1",
    "value": "value1"
   },
   {
    "name": "env2",
    "value": "value2"
   }
]
```
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

Use this task to run an Apache JMeter script by using Azure Load Testing Preview. Azure Load Testing is a fully managed load testing service that enables you to generate high-scale load.

The task succeeds if the load test finishes successfully and all [test pass/fail criteria](/azure/load-testing/how-to-define-test-criteria) pass.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Azure Load Testing is currently in preview. For legal terms that apply to Azure features that are in beta, in preview, or otherwise not yet released into general availability, see the [Supplemental Terms of Use for Microsoft Azure Previews](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/preview-supplemental-terms/).

Although Azure PowerShell isn't listed in the demands for `AzureLoadTest@1`, the agent must have Azure PowerShell installed. Azure PowerShell is installed on [Windows and Linux hosted agent images](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/hosted#software).

> [!NOTE]
> `AzureLoadTest@1` is part of the Azure Load Testing marketplace extension. For more information on installing and using this task, see [Identify performance regressions with Azure Load Testing Preview and Azure Pipelines](/azure/load-testing/tutorial-cicd-azure-pipelines).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Azure Pipelines |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
## See also

For more information about using this task, see the Azure Load Testing documentation article [Continuous regression testing with Azure Pipelines](/azure/load-testing/tutorial-cicd-azure-pipelines).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/azure-load-test-v1.md, after:

---
title: AzureLoadTest@1 - Azure Load Testing v1 task
description: Automate performance regression testing with Azure Load Testing.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "=azure-pipelines"
---

# AzureLoadTest@1 - Azure Load Testing v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Automate performance regression testing with Azure Load Testing.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

```yaml
# Azure Load Testing v1
# Automate performance regression testing with Azure Load Testing.
- task: AzureLoadTest@1
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure subscription. 
    loadTestConfigFile: # string. Required. Load Test File. 
    resourceGroup: # string. Required. Load Test Resource Group. 
    loadTestResource: # string. Required. Load Test Resource Name. 
    #secrets: # string. Secrets. 
    #env: # string. env.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="azureSubscription"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`azureSubscription`** - **Azure subscription**<br>
Input alias: `connectedServiceNameARM`. Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select an Azure Resource Manager subscription to run the load test.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="loadTestConfigFile"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`loadTestConfigFile`** - **Load Test File**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Path of the YAML file. Should be fully qualified path or relative to the default working directory.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="resourceGroup"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`resourceGroup`** - **Load Test Resource Group**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter or Select the Azure Resource Group that contains the Load test resource.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="loadTestResource"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`loadTestResource`** - **Load Test Resource Name**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter or Select the name of an existing Azure Load Testing resource.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="secrets"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`secrets`** - **Secrets**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Add/Update secret parameters using the json syntax as shown in the following example.

```json
[
   {
    "name": "key1",
    "value": $(secret1)
   },
   {
    "name": "key2",
    "value": $(secret2)
   }
]
```
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="env"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`env`** - **env**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Add/Update environment variables using the json syntax as shown in the following example.

```json
[
   {
    "name": "env1",
    "value": "value1"
   },
   {
    "name": "env2",
    "value": "value2"
   }
]
```
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

Use this task to run an Apache JMeter script by using Azure Load Testing Preview. Azure Load Testing is a fully managed load testing service that enables you to generate high-scale load.

The task succeeds if the load test finishes successfully and all [test pass/fail criteria](/azure/load-testing/how-to-define-test-criteria) pass.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Azure Load Testing is currently in preview. For legal terms that apply to Azure features that are in beta, in preview, or otherwise not yet released into general availability, see the [Supplemental Terms of Use for Microsoft Azure Previews](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/preview-supplemental-terms/).

Although Azure PowerShell isn't listed in the demands for `AzureLoadTest@1`, the agent must have Azure PowerShell installed. Azure PowerShell is installed on [Windows and Linux hosted agent images](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/hosted#software).

> [!NOTE]
> `AzureLoadTest@1` is part of the Azure Load Testing marketplace extension. For more information on installing and using this task, see [Identify performance regressions with Azure Load Testing Preview and Azure Pipelines](/azure/load-testing/tutorial-cicd-azure-pipelines).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Azure Pipelines |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
## See also

For more information about using this task, see the Azure Load Testing documentation article [Continuous regression testing with Azure Pipelines](/azure/load-testing/tutorial-cicd-azure-pipelines).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
