task-reference/azure-function-app-container-v1.md, before:

---
title: AzureFunctionAppContainer@1 - Azure Functions for container v1 task
description: Update a function app with a Docker container.
ms.date: 08/10/2022
monikerRange: ">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"
---

# AzureFunctionAppContainer@1 - Azure Functions for container v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Update a function app with a Docker container.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Update Function Apps with Docker containers.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

```yaml
# Azure Functions for container v1
# Update a function app with a Docker container.
- task: AzureFunctionAppContainer@1
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure subscription. 
    appName: # string. Required. App name. 
    #deployToSlotOrASE: false # boolean. Deploy to Slot or App Service Environment. Default: false.
    #resourceGroupName: # string. Required when deployToSlotOrASE = true. Resource group. 
    #slotName: 'production' # string. Required when deployToSlotOrASE = true. Slot. Default: 'production'.
    imageName: # string. Required. Image name. 
    #containerCommand: # string. Startup command. 
  # Application and Configuration Settings
    #appSettings: # string. App settings. 
    #configurationStrings: # string. Configuration settings.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# Azure Function for container v1
# Update Function Apps with Docker containers.
- task: AzureFunctionAppContainer@1
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure subscription. 
    appName: # string. Required. App name. 
    #deployToSlotOrASE: false # boolean. Deploy to Slot or App Service Environment. Default: false.
    #resourceGroupName: # string. Required when deployToSlotOrASE = true. Resource group. 
    #slotName: 'production' # string. Required when deployToSlotOrASE = true. Slot. Default: 'production'.
    imageName: # string. Required. Image name. 
    #containerCommand: # string. Startup command. 
  # Application and Configuration Settings
    #appSettings: # string. App settings. 
    #configurationStrings: # string. Configuration settings.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="azureSubscription"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`azureSubscription`** - **Azure subscription**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the Azure Resource Manager subscription for the deployment.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="appName"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`appName`** - **App name**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter or Select the name of an existing Azure App Service. App services based on selected app type will only be listed.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="deployToSlotOrASE"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`deployToSlotOrASE`** - **Deploy to Slot or App Service Environment**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the option to deploy to an existing deployment slot or Azure App Service Environment.<br />For both the targets, the task needs Resource group name.<br />In case the deployment target is a slot, by default the deployment is done to the production slot. Any other existing slot name can also be provided.<br />In case the deployment target is an Azure App Service environment, leave the slot name as ‘production’ and just specify the Resource group name.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="resourceGroupName"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`resourceGroupName`** - **Resource group**<br>
Type: string. Required when deployToSlotOrASE = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The Resource group name is required when the deployment target is either a deployment slot or an App Service Environment.<br />Enter or Select the Azure Resource group that contains the Azure App Service specified above.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="slotName"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`slotName`** - **Slot**<br>
Type: string. Required when deployToSlotOrASE = true. Default value: 'production'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter or Select an existing Slot other than the Production slot.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="imageName"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`imageName`** - **Image name**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
A globally unique top-level domain name for your specific registry or namespace.<br/> Note: Fully qualified image name will be of the format: '<b>`<registry or namespace`></b>/`<repository`>:`<tag`>'. For example, '<b>myregistry.azurecr.io</b>/nginx:latest'.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="containerCommand"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`containerCommand`** - **Startup command**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter the start up command. For ex.<br/>dotnet run<br/>dotnet filename.dll.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="appSettings"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`appSettings`** - **App settings**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Edit web app application settings following the syntax -key value . Value containing spaces should be enclosed in double quotes.<br /> <b>Example</b> : -Port 5000 -RequestTimeout 5000 <br /> -WEBSITE_TIME_ZONE "Eastern Standard Time".
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="configurationStrings"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`configurationStrings`** - **Configuration settings**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Edit web app configuration settings following the syntax -key value. Value containing spaces should be enclosed in double quotes.<br /> Example : -phpVersion 5.6 -linuxFxVersion: node|6.11.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

This task defines the following [output variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/variables#use-output-variables-from-tasks), which you can consume in downstream steps, jobs, and stages.

<!-- :::item name="AppServiceApplicationUrl"::: -->
**`AppServiceApplicationUrl`**<br><!-- :::editable-content name="Value"::: -->
Application URL of the selected App Service.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.104.1 or greater |
| Task category | Deploy |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/azure-function-app-container-v1.md, after:

---
title: AzureFunctionAppContainer@1 - Azure Functions for container v1 task
description: Update a function app with a Docker container.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: ">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"
---

# AzureFunctionAppContainer@1 - Azure Functions for container v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Update a function app with a Docker container.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Update Function Apps with Docker containers.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

```yaml
# Azure Functions for container v1
# Update a function app with a Docker container.
- task: AzureFunctionAppContainer@1
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure subscription. 
    appName: # string. Required. App name. 
    #deployToSlotOrASE: false # boolean. Deploy to Slot or App Service Environment. Default: false.
    #resourceGroupName: # string. Required when deployToSlotOrASE = true. Resource group. 
    #slotName: 'production' # string. Required when deployToSlotOrASE = true. Slot. Default: 'production'.
    imageName: # string. Required. Image name. 
    #containerCommand: # string. Startup command. 
  # Application and Configuration Settings
    #appSettings: # string. App settings. 
    #configurationStrings: # string. Configuration settings.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# Azure Function for container v1
# Update Function Apps with Docker containers.
- task: AzureFunctionAppContainer@1
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure subscription. 
    appName: # string. Required. App name. 
    #deployToSlotOrASE: false # boolean. Deploy to Slot or App Service Environment. Default: false.
    #resourceGroupName: # string. Required when deployToSlotOrASE = true. Resource group. 
    #slotName: 'production' # string. Required when deployToSlotOrASE = true. Slot. Default: 'production'.
    imageName: # string. Required. Image name. 
    #containerCommand: # string. Startup command. 
  # Application and Configuration Settings
    #appSettings: # string. App settings. 
    #configurationStrings: # string. Configuration settings.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="azureSubscription"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`azureSubscription`** - **Azure subscription**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the Azure Resource Manager subscription for the deployment.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="appName"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`appName`** - **App name**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter or Select the name of an existing Azure App Service. App services based on selected app type will only be listed.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="deployToSlotOrASE"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`deployToSlotOrASE`** - **Deploy to Slot or App Service Environment**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the option to deploy to an existing deployment slot or Azure App Service Environment.<br />For both the targets, the task needs Resource group name.<br />In case the deployment target is a slot, by default the deployment is done to the production slot. Any other existing slot name can also be provided.<br />In case the deployment target is an Azure App Service environment, leave the slot name as ‘production’ and just specify the Resource group name.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="resourceGroupName"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`resourceGroupName`** - **Resource group**<br>
Type: string. Required when deployToSlotOrASE = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The Resource group name is required when the deployment target is either a deployment slot or an App Service Environment.<br />Enter or Select the Azure Resource group that contains the Azure App Service specified above.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="slotName"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`slotName`** - **Slot**<br>
Type: string. Required when deployToSlotOrASE = true. Default value: 'production'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter or Select an existing Slot other than the Production slot.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="imageName"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`imageName`** - **Image name**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
A globally unique top-level domain name for your specific registry or namespace.<br/> Note: Fully qualified image name will be of the format: '<b>`<registry or namespace`></b>/`<repository`>:`<tag`>'. For example, '<b>myregistry.azurecr.io</b>/nginx:latest'.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="containerCommand"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`containerCommand`** - **Startup command**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter the start up command. For ex.<br/>dotnet run<br/>dotnet filename.dll.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="appSettings"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`appSettings`** - **App settings**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Edit web app application settings following the syntax -key value . Value containing spaces should be enclosed in double quotes.<br /> <b>Example</b> : -Port 5000 -RequestTimeout 5000 <br /> -WEBSITE_TIME_ZONE "Eastern Standard Time".
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="configurationStrings"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`configurationStrings`** - **Configuration settings**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Edit web app configuration settings following the syntax -key value. Value containing spaces should be enclosed in double quotes.<br /> Example : -phpVersion 5.6 -linuxFxVersion: node|6.11.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

This task defines the following [output variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/variables#use-output-variables-from-tasks), which you can consume in downstream steps, jobs, and stages.

<!-- :::item name="AppServiceApplicationUrl"::: -->
**`AppServiceApplicationUrl`**<br><!-- :::editable-content name="Value"::: -->
Application URL of the selected App Service.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.104.1 or greater |
| Task category | Deploy |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
