task-reference/azure-powershell-v4.md, before:

---
title: AzurePowerShell@4 - Azure PowerShell v4 task
description: Run a PowerShell script within an Azure environment (task version 4).
ms.date: 08/10/2022
monikerRange: ">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"
---

# AzurePowerShell@4 - Azure PowerShell v4 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Run a PowerShell script within an Azure environment.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

```yaml
# Azure PowerShell v4
# Run a PowerShell script within an Azure environment.
- task: AzurePowerShell@4
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure Subscription. 
    #ScriptType: 'FilePath' # 'FilePath' | 'InlineScript'. Script Type. Default: 'FilePath'.
    #ScriptPath: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Script Path. 
    #Inline: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = InlineScript. Inline Script. 
    #ScriptArguments: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Script Arguments. 
    #errorActionPreference: 'stop' # 'stop' | 'continue' | 'silentlyContinue'. ErrorActionPreference. Default: 'stop'.
    #FailOnStandardError: false # boolean. Fail on Standard Error. Default: false.
    #RestrictContextToCurrentTask: false # boolean. Restrict scope of context to current task. Default: false.
  # Azure PowerShell version options
    #azurePowerShellVersion: 'OtherVersion' # 'LatestVersion' | 'OtherVersion'. Azure PowerShell Version. Default: 'OtherVersion'.
    preferredAzurePowerShellVersion: # string. Required when TargetAzurePs = OtherVersion. Preferred Azure PowerShell Version. 
  # Advanced
    #pwsh: false # boolean. Use PowerShell Core. Default: false.
    #workingDirectory: # string. Working Directory.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2020"

```yaml
# Azure PowerShell v4
# Run a PowerShell script within an Azure environment.
- task: AzurePowerShell@4
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure Subscription. 
    #ScriptType: 'FilePath' # 'FilePath' | 'InlineScript'. Script Type. Default: 'FilePath'.
    #ScriptPath: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Script Path. 
    #Inline: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = InlineScript. Inline Script. 
    #ScriptArguments: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Script Arguments. 
    #errorActionPreference: 'stop' # 'stop' | 'continue' | 'silentlyContinue'. ErrorActionPreference. Default: 'stop'.
    #FailOnStandardError: false # boolean. Fail on Standard Error. Default: false.
  # Azure PowerShell version options
    #azurePowerShellVersion: 'OtherVersion' # 'LatestVersion' | 'OtherVersion'. Azure PowerShell Version. Default: 'OtherVersion'.
    preferredAzurePowerShellVersion: # string. Required when TargetAzurePs = OtherVersion. Preferred Azure PowerShell Version. 
  # Advanced
    #pwsh: false # boolean. Use PowerShell Core. Default: false.
    #workingDirectory: # string. Working Directory.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# Azure PowerShell v4
# Run a PowerShell script within an Azure environment.
- task: AzurePowerShell@4
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure Subscription. 
    #ScriptType: 'FilePath' # 'FilePath' | 'InlineScript'. Script Type. Default: 'FilePath'.
    #ScriptPath: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Script Path. 
    #Inline: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = InlineScript. Inline Script. 
    #ScriptArguments: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Script Arguments. 
    #errorActionPreference: 'stop' # 'stop' | 'continue' | 'silentlyContinue'. ErrorActionPreference. Default: 'stop'.
    #FailOnStandardError: false # boolean. Fail on Standard Error. Default: false.
  # Azure PowerShell version options
    #azurePowerShellVersion: 'OtherVersion' # 'LatestVersion' | 'OtherVersion'. Azure PowerShell Version. Default: 'OtherVersion'.
    preferredAzurePowerShellVersion: # string. Required when TargetAzurePs = OtherVersion. Preferred Azure PowerShell Version.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="azureSubscription"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`azureSubscription`** - **Azure Subscription**<br>
Input alias: `ConnectedServiceNameARM`. Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Azure Resource Manager subscription to configure before running PowerShell.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ScriptType"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`ScriptType`** - **Script Type**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'FilePath', 'InlineScript'. Default value: 'FilePath'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Type of the script: File Path or Inline Script.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ScriptPath"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`ScriptPath`** - **Script Path**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Path of the script. Should be fully qualified path or relative to the default working directory.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="Inline"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`Inline`** - **Inline Script**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = InlineScript.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter the script to execute.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ScriptArguments"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`ScriptArguments`** - **Script Arguments**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Additional parameters to pass to PowerShell.  Can be either ordinal or named parameters.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="errorActionPreference"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`errorActionPreference`** - **ErrorActionPreference**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'stop', 'continue', 'silentlyContinue'. Default value: 'stop'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the value of the ErrorActionPreference variable for executing the script.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="FailOnStandardError"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`FailOnStandardError`** - **Fail on Standard Error**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If this is true, this task will fail if any errors are written to the error pipeline, or if any data is written to the Standard Error stream.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="RestrictContextToCurrentTask"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

**`RestrictContextToCurrentTask`** - **Restrict scope of context to current task**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If this is true, this task will restrict the scope of context to current task only and the context will not be available to other tasks in the pipeline when using private agent.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="azurePowerShellVersion"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`azurePowerShellVersion`** - **Azure PowerShell Version**<br>
Input alias: `TargetAzurePs`. Type: string. Allowed values: 'LatestVersion', 'OtherVersion'. Default value: 'OtherVersion'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
In case of hosted agents, the supported Azure PowerShell Version is: 1.0.0(Hosted VS2017 Queue).
To pick the latest version available on the agent, select "Latest installed version".

For private agents you can specify preferred version of Azure PowerShell using "Specify version".
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="preferredAzurePowerShellVersion"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`preferredAzurePowerShellVersion`** - **Preferred Azure PowerShell Version**<br>
Input alias: `CustomTargetAzurePs`. Type: string. Required when TargetAzurePs = OtherVersion.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Preferred Azure PowerShell Version needs to be a proper semantic version eg. 1.2.3. Regex like 2.\*,2.3.\* is not supported. The Hosted VS2017 Pool currently supports Az module version: 1.0.0.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="pwsh"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

**`pwsh`** - **Use PowerShell Core**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If this is true, then on Windows the task will use pwsh.exe from your PATH instead of powershell.exe.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="workingDirectory"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

**`workingDirectory`** - **Working Directory**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Working directory where the script is run.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

Added support for Az Module and cross platform agents.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.115.0 or greater |
| Task category | Deploy |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/azure-powershell-v4.md, after:

---
title: AzurePowerShell@4 - Azure PowerShell v4 task
description: Run a PowerShell script within an Azure environment (task version 4).
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: ">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"
---

# AzurePowerShell@4 - Azure PowerShell v4 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Run a PowerShell script within an Azure environment.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

```yaml
# Azure PowerShell v4
# Run a PowerShell script within an Azure environment.
- task: AzurePowerShell@4
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure Subscription. 
    #ScriptType: 'FilePath' # 'FilePath' | 'InlineScript'. Script Type. Default: 'FilePath'.
    #ScriptPath: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Script Path. 
    #Inline: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = InlineScript. Inline Script. 
    #ScriptArguments: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Script Arguments. 
    #errorActionPreference: 'stop' # 'stop' | 'continue' | 'silentlyContinue'. ErrorActionPreference. Default: 'stop'.
    #FailOnStandardError: false # boolean. Fail on Standard Error. Default: false.
    #RestrictContextToCurrentTask: false # boolean. Restrict scope of context to current task. Default: false.
  # Azure PowerShell version options
    #azurePowerShellVersion: 'OtherVersion' # 'LatestVersion' | 'OtherVersion'. Azure PowerShell Version. Default: 'OtherVersion'.
    preferredAzurePowerShellVersion: # string. Required when TargetAzurePs = OtherVersion. Preferred Azure PowerShell Version. 
  # Advanced
    #pwsh: false # boolean. Use PowerShell Core. Default: false.
    #workingDirectory: # string. Working Directory.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2020"

```yaml
# Azure PowerShell v4
# Run a PowerShell script within an Azure environment.
- task: AzurePowerShell@4
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure Subscription. 
    #ScriptType: 'FilePath' # 'FilePath' | 'InlineScript'. Script Type. Default: 'FilePath'.
    #ScriptPath: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Script Path. 
    #Inline: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = InlineScript. Inline Script. 
    #ScriptArguments: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Script Arguments. 
    #errorActionPreference: 'stop' # 'stop' | 'continue' | 'silentlyContinue'. ErrorActionPreference. Default: 'stop'.
    #FailOnStandardError: false # boolean. Fail on Standard Error. Default: false.
  # Azure PowerShell version options
    #azurePowerShellVersion: 'OtherVersion' # 'LatestVersion' | 'OtherVersion'. Azure PowerShell Version. Default: 'OtherVersion'.
    preferredAzurePowerShellVersion: # string. Required when TargetAzurePs = OtherVersion. Preferred Azure PowerShell Version. 
  # Advanced
    #pwsh: false # boolean. Use PowerShell Core. Default: false.
    #workingDirectory: # string. Working Directory.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# Azure PowerShell v4
# Run a PowerShell script within an Azure environment.
- task: AzurePowerShell@4
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure Subscription. 
    #ScriptType: 'FilePath' # 'FilePath' | 'InlineScript'. Script Type. Default: 'FilePath'.
    #ScriptPath: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Script Path. 
    #Inline: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = InlineScript. Inline Script. 
    #ScriptArguments: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Script Arguments. 
    #errorActionPreference: 'stop' # 'stop' | 'continue' | 'silentlyContinue'. ErrorActionPreference. Default: 'stop'.
    #FailOnStandardError: false # boolean. Fail on Standard Error. Default: false.
  # Azure PowerShell version options
    #azurePowerShellVersion: 'OtherVersion' # 'LatestVersion' | 'OtherVersion'. Azure PowerShell Version. Default: 'OtherVersion'.
    preferredAzurePowerShellVersion: # string. Required when TargetAzurePs = OtherVersion. Preferred Azure PowerShell Version.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="azureSubscription"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`azureSubscription`** - **Azure Subscription**<br>
Input alias: `ConnectedServiceNameARM`. Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Azure Resource Manager subscription to configure before running PowerShell.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ScriptType"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`ScriptType`** - **Script Type**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'FilePath', 'InlineScript'. Default value: 'FilePath'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Type of the script: File Path or Inline Script.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ScriptPath"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`ScriptPath`** - **Script Path**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Path of the script. Should be fully qualified path or relative to the default working directory.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="Inline"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`Inline`** - **Inline Script**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = InlineScript.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter the script to execute.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ScriptArguments"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`ScriptArguments`** - **Script Arguments**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Additional parameters to pass to PowerShell.  Can be either ordinal or named parameters.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="errorActionPreference"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`errorActionPreference`** - **ErrorActionPreference**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'stop', 'continue', 'silentlyContinue'. Default value: 'stop'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the value of the ErrorActionPreference variable for executing the script.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="FailOnStandardError"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`FailOnStandardError`** - **Fail on Standard Error**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If this is true, this task will fail if any errors are written to the error pipeline, or if any data is written to the Standard Error stream.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="RestrictContextToCurrentTask"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

**`RestrictContextToCurrentTask`** - **Restrict scope of context to current task**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If this is true, this task will restrict the scope of context to current task only and the context will not be available to other tasks in the pipeline when using private agent.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="azurePowerShellVersion"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`azurePowerShellVersion`** - **Azure PowerShell Version**<br>
Input alias: `TargetAzurePs`. Type: string. Allowed values: 'LatestVersion', 'OtherVersion'. Default value: 'OtherVersion'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
In case of hosted agents, the supported Azure PowerShell Version is: 1.0.0(Hosted VS2017 Queue).
To pick the latest version available on the agent, select "Latest installed version".

For private agents you can specify preferred version of Azure PowerShell using "Specify version".
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="preferredAzurePowerShellVersion"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`preferredAzurePowerShellVersion`** - **Preferred Azure PowerShell Version**<br>
Input alias: `CustomTargetAzurePs`. Type: string. Required when TargetAzurePs = OtherVersion.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Preferred Azure PowerShell Version needs to be a proper semantic version eg. 1.2.3. Regex like 2.\*,2.3.\* is not supported. The Hosted VS2017 Pool currently supports Az module version: 1.0.0.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="pwsh"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

**`pwsh`** - **Use PowerShell Core**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If this is true, then on Windows the task will use pwsh.exe from your PATH instead of powershell.exe.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="workingDirectory"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

**`workingDirectory`** - **Working Directory**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Working directory where the script is run.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

Added support for Az Module and cross platform agents.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.115.0 or greater |
| Task category | Deploy |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
