task-reference/azure-monitor-v1.md, before:

---
title: AzureMonitor@1 - Query Azure Monitor alerts v1 task
description: Observe the configured Azure Monitor rules for active alerts.
ms.date: 08/10/2022
monikerRange: ">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"
---

# AzureMonitor@1 - Query Azure Monitor alerts v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Observe the configured Azure Monitor rules for active alerts.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# Query Azure Monitor alerts v1
# Observe the configured Azure Monitor rules for active alerts.
- task: AzureMonitor@1
  inputs:
    connectedServiceNameARM: # string. Required. Azure subscription. 
    ResourceGroupName: # string. Required. Resource group. 
  # Advanced
    filterType: 'none' # 'resource' | 'alertrule' | 'none'. Required. Filter type. Default: 'none'.
    #resource: # string. Required when filterType = resource. Resource. 
    #alertRule: # string. Required when filterType = alertrule. Alert rule. 
    #severity: 'Sev0,Sev1,Sev2,Sev3,Sev4' # 'Sev0' | 'Sev1' | 'Sev2' | 'Sev3' | 'Sev4'. Severity. Default: 'Sev0,Sev1,Sev2,Sev3,Sev4'.
    #timeRange: '1h' # '1h' | '1d' | '7d' | '30d'. Time range. Default: '1h'.
    #alertState: 'Acknowledged,New' # 'New' | 'Acknowledged' | 'Closed'. Alert state. Default: 'Acknowledged,New'.
    #monitorCondition: 'Fired' # 'Fired ' | 'Resolved'. Monitor condition. Default: 'Fired'.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="connectedServiceNameARM"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`connectedServiceNameARM`** - **Azure subscription**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select an Azure Resource Manager subscription to monitor.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ResourceGroupName"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`ResourceGroupName`** - **Resource group**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Provide the name of a resource group to monitor.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="filterType"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`filterType`** - **Filter type**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'resource', 'alertrule', 'none'. Default value: 'none'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Filter by specific resource or alert rule. Default value is None.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="resource"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`resource`** - **Resource**<br>
Type: string. Required when filterType = resource.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select Azure resource to monitor.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="alertRule"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`alertRule`** - **Alert rule**<br>
Type: string. Required when filterType = alertrule.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Filter by specific alert rule. Default value is to select all.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="severity"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`severity`** - **Severity**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'Sev0', 'Sev1', 'Sev2', 'Sev3', 'Sev4'. Default value: 'Sev0,Sev1,Sev2,Sev3,Sev4'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Filter by severity. Default value is select all.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="timeRange"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`timeRange`** - **Time range**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: '1h', '1d', '7d', '30d'. Default value: '1h'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Filter by time range. Default value is 1 hour.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="alertState"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`alertState`** - **Alert state**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'New', 'Acknowledged', 'Closed'. Default value: 'Acknowledged,New'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Filter by state of the alert instance. Default value is to select all.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="monitorCondition"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`monitorCondition`** - **Monitor condition**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'Fired ', 'Resolved'. Default value: 'Fired'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Monitor condition represents whether the underlying conditions have crossed the defined alert rule thresholds.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

What's new in Version 1.0:
   Added support for query unified Azure monitor alerts.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Server, ServerGate |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Utility |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/azure-monitor-v1.md, after:

---
title: AzureMonitor@1 - Query Azure Monitor alerts v1 task
description: Observe the configured Azure Monitor rules for active alerts.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: ">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"
---

# AzureMonitor@1 - Query Azure Monitor alerts v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Observe the configured Azure Monitor rules for active alerts.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# Query Azure Monitor alerts v1
# Observe the configured Azure Monitor rules for active alerts.
- task: AzureMonitor@1
  inputs:
    connectedServiceNameARM: # string. Required. Azure subscription. 
    ResourceGroupName: # string. Required. Resource group. 
  # Advanced
    filterType: 'none' # 'resource' | 'alertrule' | 'none'. Required. Filter type. Default: 'none'.
    #resource: # string. Required when filterType = resource. Resource. 
    #alertRule: # string. Required when filterType = alertrule. Alert rule. 
    #severity: 'Sev0,Sev1,Sev2,Sev3,Sev4' # 'Sev0' | 'Sev1' | 'Sev2' | 'Sev3' | 'Sev4'. Severity. Default: 'Sev0,Sev1,Sev2,Sev3,Sev4'.
    #timeRange: '1h' # '1h' | '1d' | '7d' | '30d'. Time range. Default: '1h'.
    #alertState: 'Acknowledged,New' # 'New' | 'Acknowledged' | 'Closed'. Alert state. Default: 'Acknowledged,New'.
    #monitorCondition: 'Fired' # 'Fired ' | 'Resolved'. Monitor condition. Default: 'Fired'.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="connectedServiceNameARM"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`connectedServiceNameARM`** - **Azure subscription**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select an Azure Resource Manager subscription to monitor.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ResourceGroupName"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`ResourceGroupName`** - **Resource group**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Provide the name of a resource group to monitor.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="filterType"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`filterType`** - **Filter type**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'resource', 'alertrule', 'none'. Default value: 'none'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Filter by specific resource or alert rule. Default value is None.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="resource"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`resource`** - **Resource**<br>
Type: string. Required when filterType = resource.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select Azure resource to monitor.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="alertRule"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`alertRule`** - **Alert rule**<br>
Type: string. Required when filterType = alertrule.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Filter by specific alert rule. Default value is to select all.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="severity"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`severity`** - **Severity**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'Sev0', 'Sev1', 'Sev2', 'Sev3', 'Sev4'. Default value: 'Sev0,Sev1,Sev2,Sev3,Sev4'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Filter by severity. Default value is select all.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="timeRange"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`timeRange`** - **Time range**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: '1h', '1d', '7d', '30d'. Default value: '1h'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Filter by time range. Default value is 1 hour.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="alertState"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`alertState`** - **Alert state**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'New', 'Acknowledged', 'Closed'. Default value: 'Acknowledged,New'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Filter by state of the alert instance. Default value is to select all.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="monitorCondition"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`monitorCondition`** - **Monitor condition**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'Fired ', 'Resolved'. Default value: 'Fired'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Monitor condition represents whether the underlying conditions have crossed the defined alert rule thresholds.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

What's new in Version 1.0:
   Added support for query unified Azure monitor alerts.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Server, ServerGate |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Utility |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
