task-reference/azure-monitor-alerts-v0.md, before:

---
title: AzureMonitorAlerts@0 - Azure Monitor alerts (Deprecated) v0 task
description: Configure alerts on available metrics for an Azure resource (Deprecated).
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# AzureMonitorAlerts@0 - Azure Monitor alerts (Deprecated) v0 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Configure alerts on available metrics for an Azure resource (Deprecated).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Configure alerts on available metrics for an Azure resource.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

```yaml
# Azure Monitor alerts (Deprecated) v0
# Configure alerts on available metrics for an Azure resource (Deprecated).
- task: AzureMonitorAlerts@0
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure Subscription. 
    ResourceGroupName: # string. Required. Resource Group. 
    ResourceType: 'Microsoft.Insights/components' # 'Microsoft.Insights/components' | 'Microsoft.Web/sites' | 'Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts' | 'Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines'. Required. Resource Type. Default: 'Microsoft.Insights/components'.
    ResourceName: # string. Required. Resource name. 
    AlertRules: # string. Required. Alert rules. 
  # Notify via email
    #NotifyServiceOwners: # boolean. Subscription owners, contributors and readers. 
    #NotifyEmails: # string. Additional administrator emails.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# Azure Monitor alerts v0
# Configure alerts on available metrics for an Azure resource.
- task: AzureMonitorAlerts@0
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure Subscription. 
    ResourceGroupName: # string. Required. Resource Group. 
    ResourceType: 'Microsoft.Insights/components' # 'Microsoft.Insights/components' | 'Microsoft.Web/sites' | 'Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts' | 'Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines'. Required. Resource Type. Default: 'Microsoft.Insights/components'.
    ResourceName: # string. Required. Resource name. 
    AlertRules: # string. Required. Alert rules. 
  # Notify via email
    #NotifyServiceOwners: # boolean. Subscription owners, contributors and readers. 
    #NotifyEmails: # string. Additional administrator emails.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Azure Monitor Alerts v0
# Configure alerts on available metrics for an Azure resource.
- task: AzureMonitorAlerts@0
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure Subscription. 
    ResourceGroupName: # string. Required. Resource Group. 
    ResourceType: 'Microsoft.Insights/components' # 'Microsoft.Insights/components' | 'Microsoft.Web/sites' | 'Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts' | 'Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines'. Required. Resource Type. Default: 'Microsoft.Insights/components'.
    ResourceName: # string. Required. Resource name. 
    AlertRules: # string. Required. Alert rules. 
  # Notify via email
    #NotifyServiceOwners: # boolean. Subscription owners, contributors and readers. 
    #NotifyEmails: # string. Additional administrator emails.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="azureSubscription"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`azureSubscription`** - **Azure Subscription**<br>
Input alias: `ConnectedServiceName`. Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the Azure Resource Manager subscription. 

Note: To configure new service connection, select the Azure subscription from the list and click 'Authorize'. 

If your subscription is not listed or if you want to use an existing Service Principal, you can setup an Azure service connection using 'Add' or 'Manage' button.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ResourceGroupName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`ResourceGroupName`** - **Resource Group**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the Azure Resource Group that contains the Azure resource where you want to configure an alert.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ResourceType"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`ResourceType`** - **Resource Type**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'Microsoft.Insights/components', 'Microsoft.Web/sites', 'Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts', 'Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines'. Default value: 'Microsoft.Insights/components'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the Azure resource type.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ResourceName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`ResourceName`** - **Resource name**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select name of Azure resource where you want to configure an alert.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="AlertRules"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`AlertRules`** - **Alert rules**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
List of Azure monitor alerts configured on selected Azure resource. 

To add or modify alerts, click on […] button.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="NotifyServiceOwners"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`NotifyServiceOwners`** - **Subscription owners, contributors and readers**<br>
Type: boolean.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Send email notification to everyone who has access to this resource group.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="NotifyEmails"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`NotifyEmails`** - **Additional administrator emails**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Add additional email addresses separated by semicolons(;) if you want to send email notification to additional people (whether or not you checked the "subscription owners..." box).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.111.0 or greater |
| Task category | Deploy |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task remarks examples import (#94)
Task remarks and samples import

task-reference/azure-monitor-alerts-v0.md, after:

---
title: AzureMonitorAlerts@0 - Azure Monitor alerts (Deprecated) v0 task
description: Configure alerts on available metrics for an Azure resource (Deprecated).
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# AzureMonitorAlerts@0 - Azure Monitor alerts (Deprecated) v0 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Configure alerts on available metrics for an Azure resource (Deprecated).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Configure alerts on available metrics for an Azure resource.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

```yaml
# Azure Monitor alerts (Deprecated) v0
# Configure alerts on available metrics for an Azure resource (Deprecated).
- task: AzureMonitorAlerts@0
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure Subscription. 
    ResourceGroupName: # string. Required. Resource Group. 
    ResourceType: 'Microsoft.Insights/components' # 'Microsoft.Insights/components' | 'Microsoft.Web/sites' | 'Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts' | 'Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines'. Required. Resource Type. Default: 'Microsoft.Insights/components'.
    ResourceName: # string. Required. Resource name. 
    AlertRules: # string. Required. Alert rules. 
  # Notify via email
    #NotifyServiceOwners: # boolean. Subscription owners, contributors and readers. 
    #NotifyEmails: # string. Additional administrator emails.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# Azure Monitor alerts v0
# Configure alerts on available metrics for an Azure resource.
- task: AzureMonitorAlerts@0
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure Subscription. 
    ResourceGroupName: # string. Required. Resource Group. 
    ResourceType: 'Microsoft.Insights/components' # 'Microsoft.Insights/components' | 'Microsoft.Web/sites' | 'Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts' | 'Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines'. Required. Resource Type. Default: 'Microsoft.Insights/components'.
    ResourceName: # string. Required. Resource name. 
    AlertRules: # string. Required. Alert rules. 
  # Notify via email
    #NotifyServiceOwners: # boolean. Subscription owners, contributors and readers. 
    #NotifyEmails: # string. Additional administrator emails.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Azure Monitor Alerts v0
# Configure alerts on available metrics for an Azure resource.
- task: AzureMonitorAlerts@0
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure Subscription. 
    ResourceGroupName: # string. Required. Resource Group. 
    ResourceType: 'Microsoft.Insights/components' # 'Microsoft.Insights/components' | 'Microsoft.Web/sites' | 'Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts' | 'Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines'. Required. Resource Type. Default: 'Microsoft.Insights/components'.
    ResourceName: # string. Required. Resource name. 
    AlertRules: # string. Required. Alert rules. 
  # Notify via email
    #NotifyServiceOwners: # boolean. Subscription owners, contributors and readers. 
    #NotifyEmails: # string. Additional administrator emails.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="azureSubscription"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`azureSubscription`** - **Azure Subscription**<br>
Input alias: `ConnectedServiceName`. Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the Azure Resource Manager subscription. 

Note: To configure new service connection, select the Azure subscription from the list and click 'Authorize'. 

If your subscription is not listed or if you want to use an existing Service Principal, you can setup an Azure service connection using 'Add' or 'Manage' button.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ResourceGroupName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`ResourceGroupName`** - **Resource Group**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the Azure Resource Group that contains the Azure resource where you want to configure an alert.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ResourceType"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`ResourceType`** - **Resource Type**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'Microsoft.Insights/components', 'Microsoft.Web/sites', 'Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts', 'Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines'. Default value: 'Microsoft.Insights/components'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the Azure resource type.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ResourceName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`ResourceName`** - **Resource name**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select name of Azure resource where you want to configure an alert.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="AlertRules"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`AlertRules`** - **Alert rules**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
List of Azure monitor alerts configured on selected Azure resource. 

To add or modify alerts, click on […] button.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="NotifyServiceOwners"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`NotifyServiceOwners`** - **Subscription owners, contributors and readers**<br>
Type: boolean.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Send email notification to everyone who has access to this resource group.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="NotifyEmails"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`NotifyEmails`** - **Additional administrator emails**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Add additional email addresses separated by semicolons(;) if you want to send email notification to additional people (whether or not you checked the "subscription owners..." box).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

Use this task to configure alerts on available metrics for an Azure resource.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.111.0 or greater |
| Task category | Deploy |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
