task-reference/download-fileshare-artifacts-v1.md, before:

---
title: DownloadFileshareArtifacts@1 - Download artifacts from file share v1 task
description: Download artifacts from a file share, like \\share\drop.
ms.date: 08/10/2022
monikerRange: ">=azure-pipelines-2019"
---

# DownloadFileshareArtifacts@1 - Download artifacts from file share v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Download artifacts from a file share, like \\share\drop.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Download artifacts from a file share e.g \\share\drop.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# Download artifacts from file share v1
# Download artifacts from a file share, like \\share\drop.
- task: DownloadFileshareArtifacts@1
  inputs:
    filesharePath: # string. Required. File share path. 
    artifactName: # string. Required. Artifact name. 
    #itemPattern: '**' # string. Matching pattern. Default: '**'.
    downloadPath: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)' # string. Required. Download path. Default: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)'.
  # Advanced
    #parallelizationLimit: '8' # string. Parallelization limit. Default: '8'.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Download Fileshare Artifacts v1
# Download artifacts from a file share e.g \\share\drop.
- task: DownloadFileshareArtifacts@1
  inputs:
    filesharePath: # string. Required. Fileshare path. 
    artifactName: # string. Required. Artifact name. 
    #itemPattern: '**' # string. Matching pattern. Default: '**'.
    downloadPath: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)' # string. Required. Download path. Default: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)'.
  # Advanced
    #parallelizationLimit: '8' # string. Parallelization limit. Default: '8'.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="filesharePath"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`filesharePath`** - **File share path**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Fileshare path e.g \\server\folder.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`filesharePath`** - **Fileshare path**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Fileshare path e.g \\server\folder.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="artifactName"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`artifactName`** - **Artifact name**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The name of the artifact to download e.g drop.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="itemPattern"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`itemPattern`** - **Matching pattern**<br>
Type: string. Default value: '**'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify files to be downloaded as multi line minimatch pattern. [More Information](https://aka.ms/minimatchexamples) <p>The default pattern (\*\*) will download all files within the artifact.</p>.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="downloadPath"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`downloadPath`** - **Download path**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Path on the agent machine where the artifacts will be downloaded.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="parallelizationLimit"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`parallelizationLimit`** - **Parallelization limit**<br>
Type: string. Default value: '8'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Number of files to download simultaneously.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2022"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.144.0 or greater |
| Task category | Utility |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019 <=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Utility |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/download-fileshare-artifacts-v1.md, after:

---
title: DownloadFileshareArtifacts@1 - Download artifacts from file share v1 task
description: Download artifacts from a file share, like \\share\drop.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: ">=azure-pipelines-2019"
---

# DownloadFileshareArtifacts@1 - Download artifacts from file share v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Download artifacts from a file share, like \\share\drop.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Download artifacts from a file share e.g \\share\drop.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# Download artifacts from file share v1
# Download artifacts from a file share, like \\share\drop.
- task: DownloadFileshareArtifacts@1
  inputs:
    filesharePath: # string. Required. File share path. 
    artifactName: # string. Required. Artifact name. 
    #itemPattern: '**' # string. Matching pattern. Default: '**'.
    downloadPath: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)' # string. Required. Download path. Default: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)'.
  # Advanced
    #parallelizationLimit: '8' # string. Parallelization limit. Default: '8'.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Download Fileshare Artifacts v1
# Download artifacts from a file share e.g \\share\drop.
- task: DownloadFileshareArtifacts@1
  inputs:
    filesharePath: # string. Required. Fileshare path. 
    artifactName: # string. Required. Artifact name. 
    #itemPattern: '**' # string. Matching pattern. Default: '**'.
    downloadPath: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)' # string. Required. Download path. Default: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)'.
  # Advanced
    #parallelizationLimit: '8' # string. Parallelization limit. Default: '8'.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="filesharePath"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`filesharePath`** - **File share path**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Fileshare path e.g \\server\folder.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`filesharePath`** - **Fileshare path**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Fileshare path e.g \\server\folder.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="artifactName"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`artifactName`** - **Artifact name**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The name of the artifact to download e.g drop.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="itemPattern"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`itemPattern`** - **Matching pattern**<br>
Type: string. Default value: '**'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify files to be downloaded as multi line minimatch pattern. [More Information](https://aka.ms/minimatchexamples) <p>The default pattern (\*\*) will download all files within the artifact.</p>.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="downloadPath"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`downloadPath`** - **Download path**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Path on the agent machine where the artifacts will be downloaded.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="parallelizationLimit"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`parallelizationLimit`** - **Parallelization limit**<br>
Type: string. Default value: '8'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Number of files to download simultaneously.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2022"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.144.0 or greater |
| Task category | Utility |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019 <=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Utility |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
