task-reference/download-build-artifacts-v0.md, before:

---
title: DownloadBuildArtifacts@0 - Download build artifacts v0 task
description: Download files that were saved as artifacts of a completed build (task version 0).
ms.date: 08/18/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# DownloadBuildArtifacts@0 - Download build artifacts v0 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Download files that were saved as artifacts of a completed build.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Download Build Artifacts.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2022"

```yaml
# Download build artifacts v0
# Download files that were saved as artifacts of a completed build.
- task: DownloadBuildArtifacts@0
  inputs:
    buildType: 'current' # 'current' | 'specific'. Required. Download artifacts produced by. Default: 'current'.
    #project: # string. Required when buildType == specific. Project. 
    #pipeline: # string. Required when buildType == specific. Build pipeline. 
    #specificBuildWithTriggering: false # boolean. Optional. Use when buildType == specific. When appropriate, download artifacts from the triggering build. Default: false.
    #buildVersionToDownload: 'latest' # 'latest' | 'latestFromBranch' | 'specific'. Required when buildType == specific. Build version to download. Default: 'latest'.
    #allowPartiallySucceededBuilds: false # boolean. Optional. Use when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload != specific. Download artifacts even from partially succeeded builds. Default: false.
    #branchName: 'refs/heads/master' # string. Required when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload == latestFromBranch. Branch name. Default: 'refs/heads/master'.
    #buildId: # string. Required when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload == specific. Build. 
    #tags: # string. Optional. Use when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload != specific. Build Tags. 
    downloadType: 'single' # 'single' | 'specific'. Required. Download type. Default: 'single'.
    artifactName: # string. Required when downloadType == single. Artifact name. 
    #itemPattern: '**' # string. Matching pattern. Default: '**'.
    downloadPath: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)' # string. Required. Destination directory. Default: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)'.
    #cleanDestinationFolder: false # boolean. Clean destination folder. Default: false.
  # Advanced
    #parallelizationLimit: '8' # string. Parallelization limit. Default: '8'.
    #checkDownloadedFiles: false # boolean. Check downloaded files. Default: false.
    #retryDownloadCount: '4' # string. Retry count. Default: '4'.
    #extractTars: # boolean. Extract all files that are stored inside tar archives.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1 <=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

```yaml
# Download build artifacts v0
# Download files that were saved as artifacts of a completed build.
- task: DownloadBuildArtifacts@0
  inputs:
    buildType: 'current' # 'current' | 'specific'. Required. Download artifacts produced by. Default: 'current'.
    #project: # string. Required when buildType == specific. Project. 
    #pipeline: # string. Required when buildType == specific. Build pipeline. 
    #specificBuildWithTriggering: false # boolean. Optional. Use when buildType == specific. When appropriate, download artifacts from the triggering build. Default: false.
    #buildVersionToDownload: 'latest' # 'latest' | 'latestFromBranch' | 'specific'. Required when buildType == specific. Build version to download. Default: 'latest'.
    #allowPartiallySucceededBuilds: false # boolean. Optional. Use when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload != specific. Download artifacts even from partially succeeded builds. Default: false.
    #branchName: 'refs/heads/master' # string. Required when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload == latestFromBranch. Branch name. Default: 'refs/heads/master'.
    #buildId: # string. Required when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload == specific. Build. 
    #tags: # string. Optional. Use when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload != specific. Build Tags. 
    downloadType: 'single' # 'single' | 'specific'. Required. Download type. Default: 'single'.
    artifactName: # string. Required when downloadType == single. Artifact name. 
    #itemPattern: '**' # string. Matching pattern. Default: '**'.
    downloadPath: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)' # string. Required. Destination directory. Default: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)'.
  # Advanced
    #parallelizationLimit: '8' # string. Parallelization limit. Default: '8'.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Download Build Artifacts v0
# Download Build Artifacts.
- task: DownloadBuildArtifacts@0
  inputs:
    buildType: 'current' # 'current' | 'specific'. Required. Download artifacts produced by. Default: 'current'.
    #project: # string. Required when buildType == specific. Project. 
    #pipeline: # string. Required when buildType == specific. Build pipeline. 
    #specificBuildWithTriggering: false # boolean. Optional. Use when buildType == specific. When appropriate, download artifacts from the triggering build. Default: false.
    #buildVersionToDownload: 'latest' # 'latest' | 'latestFromBranch' | 'specific'. Required when buildType == specific. Build version to download. Default: 'latest'.
    #branchName: 'refs/heads/master' # string. Required when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload == latestFromBranch. Branch name. Default: 'refs/heads/master'.
    #buildId: # string. Required when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload == specific. Build. 
    #tags: # string. Optional. Use when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload != specific. Build Tags. 
    downloadType: 'single' # 'single' | 'specific'. Required. Download type. Default: 'single'.
    artifactName: # string. Required when downloadType == single. Artifact name. 
    #itemPattern: '**' # string. Matching pattern. Default: '**'.
    downloadPath: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)' # string. Required. Destination directory. Default: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)'.
  # Advanced
    #parallelizationLimit: '8' # string. Parallelization limit. Default: '8'.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="buildType"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`buildType`** - **Download artifacts produced by**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'current', 'specific'. Default value: 'current'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Download artifacts produced by the current build, or from a specific build.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="project"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`project`** - **Project**<br>
Type: string. Required when buildType == specific.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The project from which to download the build artifacts.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="pipeline"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`pipeline`** - **Build pipeline**<br>
Input alias: `definition`. Type: string. Required when buildType == specific.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the build pipeline name.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="specificBuildWithTriggering"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`specificBuildWithTriggering`** - **When appropriate, download artifacts from the triggering build.**<br>
Type: boolean. Optional. Use when buildType == specific. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If checked, this build task will try to download artifacts from the triggering build. If there is no triggering build from the specified pipeline, it will download artifacts from the build specified in the options below.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="buildVersionToDownload"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`buildVersionToDownload`** - **Build version to download**<br>
Type: string. Required when buildType == specific. Allowed values: 'latest', 'latestFromBranch', 'specific'. Default value: 'latest'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="allowPartiallySucceededBuilds"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`allowPartiallySucceededBuilds`** - **Download artifacts even from partially succeeded builds.**<br>
Type: boolean. Optional. Use when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload != specific. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If checked, this build task will try to download artifacts whether the build is succeeded or partially succeeded.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="branchName"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`branchName`** - **Branch name**<br>
Type: string. Required when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload == latestFromBranch. Default value: 'refs/heads/master'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify to filter on branch/ref name, for example: ```refs/heads/develop```.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="buildId"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`buildId`** - **Build**<br>
Type: string. Required when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload == specific.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The build from which to download the artifacts.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`buildId`** - **Build**<br>
Type: string. Required when buildType == specific.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The build from which to download the artifacts.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="tags"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`tags`** - **Build Tags**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload != specific.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
A comma-delimited list of tags. Only builds with these tags will be returned.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="downloadType"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`downloadType`** - **Download type**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'single', 'specific'. Default value: 'single'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Download a specific artifact or specific files from the build.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="artifactName"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`artifactName`** - **Artifact name**<br>
Type: string. Required when downloadType == single.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The name of the artifact to download.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`artifactName`** - **Artifact name**<br>
Type: string. Required when downloadType == single. Default value: 'drop'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The name of the artifact to download.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="itemPattern"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`itemPattern`** - **Matching pattern**<br>
Type: string. Default value: '**'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify files to be downloaded as multi line minimatch pattern. [More Information](https://aka.ms/minimatchexamples) <p>The default pattern (\*\*) will download all files across all artifacts in the build if "Specific files" option is selected. To download all files within artifact drop use drop/**.</p>.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`itemPattern`** - **Matching pattern**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when downloadType == specific. Default value: '**'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify files to be downloaded as multi line minimatch pattern. [More Information](https://aka.ms/minimatchexamples) <p>The default pattern (\*\*) will download all files across all artifacts in the build if "Specific files" option is selected. To download all files within artifact drop use drop/**.</p>.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="downloadPath"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`downloadPath`** - **Destination directory**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Path on the agent machine where the artifacts will be downloaded.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="cleanDestinationFolder"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2022"

**`cleanDestinationFolder`** - **Clean destination folder**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Delete all existing files in destination folder before artifact download.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="parallelizationLimit"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`parallelizationLimit`** - **Parallelization limit**<br>
Type: string. Default value: '8'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Number of files to download simultaneously.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="checkDownloadedFiles"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2022"

**`checkDownloadedFiles`** - **Check downloaded files**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If checked, this build task will check that all files are fully downloaded.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="retryDownloadCount"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2022"

**`retryDownloadCount`** - **Retry count**<br>
Type: string. Default value: '4'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Optional number of times to retry downloading a build artifact if the download fails.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="extractTars"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2022"

**`extractTars`** - **Extract all files that are stored inside tar archives**<br>
Type: boolean.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enable this option to extract all downloaded files that have .tar extension. This is helpful because you need to pack your artifact files into tar if you want to preserve Unix file permissions. Enabling `StoreAsTar` option in PublishBuildArtifacts task will store artifacts as .tar files automatically.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="definition"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`definition`** - **Build definition**<br>
Type: string. Required when buildType == specific.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the build definition name.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

This task defines the following [output variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/variables#use-output-variables-from-tasks), which you can consume in downstream steps, jobs, and stages.

<!-- :::item name="BuildNumber"::: -->
**`BuildNumber`**<br><!-- :::editable-content name="Value"::: -->
Stores the build number of the build artifact source.<br />Please note that in fact it returns <b>BuildId</b> due to backward compatibility <p>[More Information](/azure/devops/pipelines/build/variables#build-variables-devops-services)</p>
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019 <=azure-pipelines-2020"

This task defines the following [output variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/variables#use-output-variables-from-tasks), which you can consume in downstream steps, jobs, and stages.

<!-- :::item name="BuildNumber"::: -->
**`BuildNumber`**<br><!-- :::editable-content name="Value"::: -->
Stores the build number of the build artifact source
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Utility |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/download-build-artifacts-v0.md, after:

---
title: DownloadBuildArtifacts@0 - Download build artifacts v0 task
description: Download files that were saved as artifacts of a completed build (task version 0).
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# DownloadBuildArtifacts@0 - Download build artifacts v0 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Download files that were saved as artifacts of a completed build.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Download Build Artifacts.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2022"

```yaml
# Download build artifacts v0
# Download files that were saved as artifacts of a completed build.
- task: DownloadBuildArtifacts@0
  inputs:
    buildType: 'current' # 'current' | 'specific'. Required. Download artifacts produced by. Default: 'current'.
    #project: # string. Required when buildType == specific. Project. 
    #pipeline: # string. Required when buildType == specific. Build pipeline. 
    #specificBuildWithTriggering: false # boolean. Optional. Use when buildType == specific. When appropriate, download artifacts from the triggering build. Default: false.
    #buildVersionToDownload: 'latest' # 'latest' | 'latestFromBranch' | 'specific'. Required when buildType == specific. Build version to download. Default: 'latest'.
    #allowPartiallySucceededBuilds: false # boolean. Optional. Use when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload != specific. Download artifacts even from partially succeeded builds. Default: false.
    #branchName: 'refs/heads/master' # string. Required when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload == latestFromBranch. Branch name. Default: 'refs/heads/master'.
    #buildId: # string. Required when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload == specific. Build. 
    #tags: # string. Optional. Use when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload != specific. Build Tags. 
    downloadType: 'single' # 'single' | 'specific'. Required. Download type. Default: 'single'.
    artifactName: # string. Required when downloadType == single. Artifact name. 
    #itemPattern: '**' # string. Matching pattern. Default: '**'.
    downloadPath: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)' # string. Required. Destination directory. Default: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)'.
    #cleanDestinationFolder: false # boolean. Clean destination folder. Default: false.
  # Advanced
    #parallelizationLimit: '8' # string. Parallelization limit. Default: '8'.
    #checkDownloadedFiles: false # boolean. Check downloaded files. Default: false.
    #retryDownloadCount: '4' # string. Retry count. Default: '4'.
    #extractTars: # boolean. Extract all files that are stored inside tar archives.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1 <=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

```yaml
# Download build artifacts v0
# Download files that were saved as artifacts of a completed build.
- task: DownloadBuildArtifacts@0
  inputs:
    buildType: 'current' # 'current' | 'specific'. Required. Download artifacts produced by. Default: 'current'.
    #project: # string. Required when buildType == specific. Project. 
    #pipeline: # string. Required when buildType == specific. Build pipeline. 
    #specificBuildWithTriggering: false # boolean. Optional. Use when buildType == specific. When appropriate, download artifacts from the triggering build. Default: false.
    #buildVersionToDownload: 'latest' # 'latest' | 'latestFromBranch' | 'specific'. Required when buildType == specific. Build version to download. Default: 'latest'.
    #allowPartiallySucceededBuilds: false # boolean. Optional. Use when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload != specific. Download artifacts even from partially succeeded builds. Default: false.
    #branchName: 'refs/heads/master' # string. Required when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload == latestFromBranch. Branch name. Default: 'refs/heads/master'.
    #buildId: # string. Required when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload == specific. Build. 
    #tags: # string. Optional. Use when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload != specific. Build Tags. 
    downloadType: 'single' # 'single' | 'specific'. Required. Download type. Default: 'single'.
    artifactName: # string. Required when downloadType == single. Artifact name. 
    #itemPattern: '**' # string. Matching pattern. Default: '**'.
    downloadPath: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)' # string. Required. Destination directory. Default: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)'.
  # Advanced
    #parallelizationLimit: '8' # string. Parallelization limit. Default: '8'.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Download Build Artifacts v0
# Download Build Artifacts.
- task: DownloadBuildArtifacts@0
  inputs:
    buildType: 'current' # 'current' | 'specific'. Required. Download artifacts produced by. Default: 'current'.
    #project: # string. Required when buildType == specific. Project. 
    #pipeline: # string. Required when buildType == specific. Build pipeline. 
    #specificBuildWithTriggering: false # boolean. Optional. Use when buildType == specific. When appropriate, download artifacts from the triggering build. Default: false.
    #buildVersionToDownload: 'latest' # 'latest' | 'latestFromBranch' | 'specific'. Required when buildType == specific. Build version to download. Default: 'latest'.
    #branchName: 'refs/heads/master' # string. Required when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload == latestFromBranch. Branch name. Default: 'refs/heads/master'.
    #buildId: # string. Required when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload == specific. Build. 
    #tags: # string. Optional. Use when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload != specific. Build Tags. 
    downloadType: 'single' # 'single' | 'specific'. Required. Download type. Default: 'single'.
    artifactName: # string. Required when downloadType == single. Artifact name. 
    #itemPattern: '**' # string. Matching pattern. Default: '**'.
    downloadPath: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)' # string. Required. Destination directory. Default: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)'.
  # Advanced
    #parallelizationLimit: '8' # string. Parallelization limit. Default: '8'.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="buildType"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`buildType`** - **Download artifacts produced by**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'current', 'specific'. Default value: 'current'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Download artifacts produced by the current build, or from a specific build.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="project"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`project`** - **Project**<br>
Type: string. Required when buildType == specific.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The project from which to download the build artifacts.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="pipeline"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`pipeline`** - **Build pipeline**<br>
Input alias: `definition`. Type: string. Required when buildType == specific.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the build pipeline name.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="specificBuildWithTriggering"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`specificBuildWithTriggering`** - **When appropriate, download artifacts from the triggering build.**<br>
Type: boolean. Optional. Use when buildType == specific. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If checked, this build task will try to download artifacts from the triggering build. If there is no triggering build from the specified pipeline, it will download artifacts from the build specified in the options below.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="buildVersionToDownload"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`buildVersionToDownload`** - **Build version to download**<br>
Type: string. Required when buildType == specific. Allowed values: 'latest', 'latestFromBranch', 'specific'. Default value: 'latest'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="allowPartiallySucceededBuilds"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`allowPartiallySucceededBuilds`** - **Download artifacts even from partially succeeded builds.**<br>
Type: boolean. Optional. Use when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload != specific. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If checked, this build task will try to download artifacts whether the build is succeeded or partially succeeded.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="branchName"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`branchName`** - **Branch name**<br>
Type: string. Required when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload == latestFromBranch. Default value: 'refs/heads/master'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify to filter on branch/ref name, for example: ```refs/heads/develop```.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="buildId"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`buildId`** - **Build**<br>
Type: string. Required when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload == specific.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The build from which to download the artifacts.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`buildId`** - **Build**<br>
Type: string. Required when buildType == specific.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The build from which to download the artifacts.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="tags"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`tags`** - **Build Tags**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when buildType == specific && buildVersionToDownload != specific.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
A comma-delimited list of tags. Only builds with these tags will be returned.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="downloadType"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`downloadType`** - **Download type**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'single', 'specific'. Default value: 'single'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Download a specific artifact or specific files from the build.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="artifactName"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`artifactName`** - **Artifact name**<br>
Type: string. Required when downloadType == single.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The name of the artifact to download.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`artifactName`** - **Artifact name**<br>
Type: string. Required when downloadType == single. Default value: 'drop'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The name of the artifact to download.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="itemPattern"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`itemPattern`** - **Matching pattern**<br>
Type: string. Default value: '**'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify files to be downloaded as multi line minimatch pattern. [More Information](https://aka.ms/minimatchexamples) <p>The default pattern (\*\*) will download all files across all artifacts in the build if "Specific files" option is selected. To download all files within artifact drop use drop/**.</p>.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`itemPattern`** - **Matching pattern**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when downloadType == specific. Default value: '**'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify files to be downloaded as multi line minimatch pattern. [More Information](https://aka.ms/minimatchexamples) <p>The default pattern (\*\*) will download all files across all artifacts in the build if "Specific files" option is selected. To download all files within artifact drop use drop/**.</p>.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="downloadPath"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`downloadPath`** - **Destination directory**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: '$(System.ArtifactsDirectory)'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Path on the agent machine where the artifacts will be downloaded.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="cleanDestinationFolder"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2022"

**`cleanDestinationFolder`** - **Clean destination folder**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Delete all existing files in destination folder before artifact download.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="parallelizationLimit"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`parallelizationLimit`** - **Parallelization limit**<br>
Type: string. Default value: '8'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Number of files to download simultaneously.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="checkDownloadedFiles"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2022"

**`checkDownloadedFiles`** - **Check downloaded files**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If checked, this build task will check that all files are fully downloaded.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="retryDownloadCount"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2022"

**`retryDownloadCount`** - **Retry count**<br>
Type: string. Default value: '4'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Optional number of times to retry downloading a build artifact if the download fails.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="extractTars"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2022"

**`extractTars`** - **Extract all files that are stored inside tar archives**<br>
Type: boolean.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enable this option to extract all downloaded files that have .tar extension. This is helpful because you need to pack your artifact files into tar if you want to preserve Unix file permissions. Enabling `StoreAsTar` option in PublishBuildArtifacts task will store artifacts as .tar files automatically.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="definition"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`definition`** - **Build definition**<br>
Type: string. Required when buildType == specific.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the build definition name.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

This task defines the following [output variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/variables#use-output-variables-from-tasks), which you can consume in downstream steps, jobs, and stages.

<!-- :::item name="BuildNumber"::: -->
**`BuildNumber`**<br><!-- :::editable-content name="Value"::: -->
Stores the build number of the build artifact source.<br />Please note that in fact it returns <b>BuildId</b> due to backward compatibility <p>[More Information](/azure/devops/pipelines/build/variables#build-variables-devops-services)</p>
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019 <=azure-pipelines-2020"

This task defines the following [output variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/variables#use-output-variables-from-tasks), which you can consume in downstream steps, jobs, and stages.

<!-- :::item name="BuildNumber"::: -->
**`BuildNumber`**<br><!-- :::editable-content name="Value"::: -->
Stores the build number of the build artifact source
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Utility |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
