task-reference/iisweb-app-deployment-on-machine-group-v0.md, before:

---
title: IISWebAppDeploymentOnMachineGroup@0 - IIS web app deploy v0 task
description: Deploy a website or web application using Web Deploy.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# IISWebAppDeploymentOnMachineGroup@0 - IIS web app deploy v0 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Deploy a website or web application using Web Deploy.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# IIS web app deploy v0
# Deploy a website or web application using Web Deploy.
- task: IISWebAppDeploymentOnMachineGroup@0
  inputs:
    WebSiteName: # string. Required. Website Name. 
    #VirtualApplication: # string. Virtual Application. 
    Package: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)\**\*.zip' # string. Required. Package or Folder. Default: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)\**\*.zip'.
  # Advanced Deployment Options
    #SetParametersFile: # string. SetParameters File. 
    #RemoveAdditionalFilesFlag: false # boolean. Remove Additional Files at Destination. Default: false.
    #ExcludeFilesFromAppDataFlag: false # boolean. Exclude Files from the App_Data Folder. Default: false.
    #TakeAppOfflineFlag: false # boolean. Take App Offline. Default: false.
    #AdditionalArguments: # string. Additional Arguments. 
  # File Transforms & Variable Substitution Options
    #XmlTransformation: false # boolean. XML transformation. Default: false.
    #XmlVariableSubstitution: false # boolean. XML variable substitution. Default: false.
    #JSONFiles: # string. JSON variable substitution.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# IIS Web App Deploy v0
# Deploy a website or web application using Web Deploy.
- task: IISWebAppDeploymentOnMachineGroup@0
  inputs:
    WebSiteName: # string. Required. Website Name. 
    #VirtualApplication: # string. Virtual Application. 
    Package: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)\**\*.zip' # string. Required. Package or Folder. Default: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)\**\*.zip'.
  # Advanced Deployment Options
    #SetParametersFile: # string. SetParameters File. 
    #RemoveAdditionalFilesFlag: false # boolean. Remove Additional Files at Destination. Default: false.
    #ExcludeFilesFromAppDataFlag: false # boolean. Exclude Files from the App_Data Folder. Default: false.
    #TakeAppOfflineFlag: false # boolean. Take App Offline. Default: false.
    #AdditionalArguments: # string. Additional Arguments. 
  # File Transforms & Variable Substitution Options
    #XmlTransformation: false # boolean. XML transformation. Default: false.
    #XmlVariableSubstitution: false # boolean. XML variable substitution. Default: false.
    #JSONFiles: # string. JSON variable substitution.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="WebSiteName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`WebSiteName`** - **Website Name**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Provide the name of an existing website on the machine group machines.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="VirtualApplication"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`VirtualApplication`** - **Virtual Application**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify the name of an already existing Virtual Application on the target Machines.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="Package"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`Package`** - **Package or Folder**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)\**\*.zip'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
File path to the package or a folder generated by MSBuild or a compressed archive file.<br />Variables ( [Build](/azure/devops/pipelines/build/variables) | [Release](/azure/devops/pipelines/release/variables#default-variables)), wildcards are supported. <br/> For example, $(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)\\\*\*\\\*.zip.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="SetParametersFile"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`SetParametersFile`** - **SetParameters File**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Optional: location of the SetParameters.xml file to use.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="RemoveAdditionalFilesFlag"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`RemoveAdditionalFilesFlag`** - **Remove Additional Files at Destination**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the option to delete files on the Web App that have no matching files in the Web App zip package.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ExcludeFilesFromAppDataFlag"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`ExcludeFilesFromAppDataFlag`** - **Exclude Files from the App_Data Folder**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the option to prevent files in the App_Data folder from being deployed to the Web App.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="TakeAppOfflineFlag"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`TakeAppOfflineFlag`** - **Take App Offline**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the option to take the Web App offline by placing an app_offline.htm file in the root directory of the Web App before the sync operation begins. The file will be removed after the sync operation completes successfully.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="AdditionalArguments"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`AdditionalArguments`** - **Additional Arguments**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Additional Web Deploy arguments that will be applied when deploying the Azure Web App like,-disableLink:AppPoolExtension -disableLink:ContentExtension.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="XmlTransformation"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`XmlTransformation`** - **XML transformation**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The config transforms will be run for `*.Release.config` and `*.<EnvironmentName>.config` on the `*.config file`.<br/> Config transforms will be run prior to the Variable Substitution.<br/>XML transformations are supported only for Windows platform.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="XmlVariableSubstitution"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`XmlVariableSubstitution`** - **XML variable substitution**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Variables defined in the build or release pipeline will be matched against the 'key' or 'name' entries in the appSettings, applicationSettings, and connectionStrings sections of any config file and parameters.xml. Variable Substitution is run after config transforms. <br/><br/> Note: If same variables are defined in the release pipeline and in the environment, then the environment variables will supersede the release pipeline variables.<br/>.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="JSONFiles"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`JSONFiles`** - **JSON variable substitution**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Provide new line separated list of JSON files to substitute the variable values. Files names are to be provided relative to the root folder. <br/> To substitute JSON variables that are nested or hierarchical, specify them using JSONPath expressions. <br/> <br/> For example, to replace the value of ‘ConnectionString’ in the sample below, you need to define a variable as ‘Data.DefaultConnection.ConnectionString’ in the build or release pipeline (or release pipeline's stage). <br/> {<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;"Data": {<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"DefaultConnection": {<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"ConnectionString": "Server=(localdb)\SQLEXPRESS;Database=MyDB;Trusted_Connection=True"<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;}<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;}<br/> }<br/> Variable Substitution is run after configuration transforms. <br/><br/> Note: pipeline variables are excluded in substitution.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.104.1 or greater |
| Task category | Deploy |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | Classic release |
| Runs on | DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.104.1 or greater |
| Task category | Deploy |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Remarks Examples import (#93)
* Task remarks and examples import

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/iisweb-app-deployment-on-machine-group-v0.md, after:

---
title: IISWebAppDeploymentOnMachineGroup@0 - IIS web app deploy v0 task
description: Deploy a website or web application using Web Deploy.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# IISWebAppDeploymentOnMachineGroup@0 - IIS web app deploy v0 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Deploy a website or web application using Web Deploy.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# IIS web app deploy v0
# Deploy a website or web application using Web Deploy.
- task: IISWebAppDeploymentOnMachineGroup@0
  inputs:
    WebSiteName: # string. Required. Website Name. 
    #VirtualApplication: # string. Virtual Application. 
    Package: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)\**\*.zip' # string. Required. Package or Folder. Default: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)\**\*.zip'.
  # Advanced Deployment Options
    #SetParametersFile: # string. SetParameters File. 
    #RemoveAdditionalFilesFlag: false # boolean. Remove Additional Files at Destination. Default: false.
    #ExcludeFilesFromAppDataFlag: false # boolean. Exclude Files from the App_Data Folder. Default: false.
    #TakeAppOfflineFlag: false # boolean. Take App Offline. Default: false.
    #AdditionalArguments: # string. Additional Arguments. 
  # File Transforms & Variable Substitution Options
    #XmlTransformation: false # boolean. XML transformation. Default: false.
    #XmlVariableSubstitution: false # boolean. XML variable substitution. Default: false.
    #JSONFiles: # string. JSON variable substitution.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# IIS Web App Deploy v0
# Deploy a website or web application using Web Deploy.
- task: IISWebAppDeploymentOnMachineGroup@0
  inputs:
    WebSiteName: # string. Required. Website Name. 
    #VirtualApplication: # string. Virtual Application. 
    Package: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)\**\*.zip' # string. Required. Package or Folder. Default: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)\**\*.zip'.
  # Advanced Deployment Options
    #SetParametersFile: # string. SetParameters File. 
    #RemoveAdditionalFilesFlag: false # boolean. Remove Additional Files at Destination. Default: false.
    #ExcludeFilesFromAppDataFlag: false # boolean. Exclude Files from the App_Data Folder. Default: false.
    #TakeAppOfflineFlag: false # boolean. Take App Offline. Default: false.
    #AdditionalArguments: # string. Additional Arguments. 
  # File Transforms & Variable Substitution Options
    #XmlTransformation: false # boolean. XML transformation. Default: false.
    #XmlVariableSubstitution: false # boolean. XML variable substitution. Default: false.
    #JSONFiles: # string. JSON variable substitution.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="WebSiteName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`WebSiteName`** - **Website Name**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Provide the name of an existing website on the machine group machines.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="VirtualApplication"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`VirtualApplication`** - **Virtual Application**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify the name of an already existing Virtual Application on the target Machines.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="Package"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`Package`** - **Package or Folder**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)\**\*.zip'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
File path to the package or a folder generated by MSBuild or a compressed archive file.<br />Variables ( [Build](/azure/devops/pipelines/build/variables) | [Release](/azure/devops/pipelines/release/variables#default-variables)), wildcards are supported. <br/> For example, $(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)\\\*\*\\\*.zip.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="SetParametersFile"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`SetParametersFile`** - **SetParameters File**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Optional: location of the SetParameters.xml file to use.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="RemoveAdditionalFilesFlag"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`RemoveAdditionalFilesFlag`** - **Remove Additional Files at Destination**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the option to delete files on the Web App that have no matching files in the Web App zip package.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ExcludeFilesFromAppDataFlag"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`ExcludeFilesFromAppDataFlag`** - **Exclude Files from the App_Data Folder**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the option to prevent files in the App_Data folder from being deployed to the Web App.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="TakeAppOfflineFlag"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`TakeAppOfflineFlag`** - **Take App Offline**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the option to take the Web App offline by placing an app_offline.htm file in the root directory of the Web App before the sync operation begins. The file will be removed after the sync operation completes successfully.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="AdditionalArguments"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`AdditionalArguments`** - **Additional Arguments**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Additional Web Deploy arguments that will be applied when deploying the Azure Web App like,-disableLink:AppPoolExtension -disableLink:ContentExtension.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="XmlTransformation"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`XmlTransformation`** - **XML transformation**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The config transforms will be run for `*.Release.config` and `*.<EnvironmentName>.config` on the `*.config file`.<br/> Config transforms will be run prior to the Variable Substitution.<br/>XML transformations are supported only for Windows platform.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="XmlVariableSubstitution"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`XmlVariableSubstitution`** - **XML variable substitution**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Variables defined in the build or release pipeline will be matched against the 'key' or 'name' entries in the appSettings, applicationSettings, and connectionStrings sections of any config file and parameters.xml. Variable Substitution is run after config transforms. <br/><br/> Note: If same variables are defined in the release pipeline and in the environment, then the environment variables will supersede the release pipeline variables.<br/>.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="JSONFiles"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`JSONFiles`** - **JSON variable substitution**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Provide new line separated list of JSON files to substitute the variable values. Files names are to be provided relative to the root folder. <br/> To substitute JSON variables that are nested or hierarchical, specify them using JSONPath expressions. <br/> <br/> For example, to replace the value of ‘ConnectionString’ in the sample below, you need to define a variable as ‘Data.DefaultConnection.ConnectionString’ in the build or release pipeline (or release pipeline's stage). <br/> {<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;"Data": {<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"DefaultConnection": {<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"ConnectionString": "Server=(localdb)\SQLEXPRESS;Database=MyDB;Trusted_Connection=True"<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;}<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;}<br/> }<br/> Variable Substitution is run after configuration transforms. <br/><br/> Note: pipeline variables are excluded in substitution.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

Use this task to deploy a website or web app using WebDeploy.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.104.1 or greater |
| Task category | Deploy |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | Classic release |
| Runs on | DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.104.1 or greater |
| Task category | Deploy |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
