task-reference/manual-intervention-v8.md, before:

---
title: ManualIntervention@8 - Manual intervention v8 task
description: Pause deployment and wait for manual intervention.
ms.date: 09/26/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# ManualIntervention@8 - Manual intervention v8 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Pause deployment in a classic release pipeline and wait for manual intervention.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Pause deployment and wait for intervention.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# Manual intervention v8
# Pause deployment and wait for manual intervention.
- task: ManualIntervention@8
  inputs:
    #instructions: # string. Instructions. 
    #emailRecipients: # string. Notify users. 
    #onTimeout: 'reject' # 'reject' | 'resume'. On timeout. Default: reject.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Manual Intervention v8
# Pause deployment and wait for intervention.
- task: ManualIntervention@8
  inputs:
    #instructions: # string. Instructions. 
    #emailRecipients: # string. Notify users. 
    #onTimeout: 'reject' # 'reject' | 'resume'. On timeout. Default: reject.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="instructions"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`instructions`** - **Instructions**<br>
`string`.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
These instructions will be shown to the user for resuming or rejecting the manual intervention. Based on these instructions the user will take an informed decision about this manual intervention.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<br>

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="emailRecipients"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`emailRecipients`** - **Notify users**<br>
`string`.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Send a manual intervention pending email to specific users (or groups). Only users with manage deployment permission can act on a manual intervention.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<br>

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="onTimeout"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`onTimeout`** - **On timeout**<br>
`string`. Allowed values: `reject`, `resume`. Default value: `reject`.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Reject or resume this manual intervention automatically after it is pending for the specified timeout or 60 days, whichever is earlier.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<br>

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

Use this task in a release pipeline to pause an active deployment within a stage,
typically to perform some manual steps or actions, and then continue the automated deployment tasks.

> [!NOTE]
> This task can be used in only an [agentless job](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/phases#server-jobs) of a release pipeline. This article refers only to classic pipelines. For YAML usage, see [Manual Validation task](manual-validation-v0.md).

:::image type="content" source="media/maninter-use-variables.png" alt-text="Screenshot of configuring a Manual Intervention task.":::

The **Manual Intervention** task does not perform deployment actions directly.
Instead, it allows you to pause an active deployment within a stage, typically to perform some
manual steps or actions, and then continue the automated deployment tasks. For example, the user may
need to edit the details of the current release before continuing; perhaps by entering the values for
custom variables used by the tasks in the release.

The **Manual Intervention** task configuration includes an **Instructions** parameter that
can be used to provide related information, or to specify the manual steps
the user should execute during the agentless job. You can configure the task to
send email notifications to users and user groups when it is awaiting intervention,
and specify the automatic response (reject or resume the deployment) after a configurable
timeout occurs.

> [!NOTE]
> You can use built-in and custom variables to generate portions of your instructions.

When the Manual Intervention task is activated during a deployment, it sets
the deployment state to **IN PROGRESS** and displays
a message bar containing  a link that opens the Manual Intervention dialog containing the instructions.
After carrying out the manual steps, the administrator or user can choose to resume the deployment, or reject it.
Users with **Manage deployment** permission on the stage can resume or reject the manual intervention.

For more information about using this task, see [Approvals and gates overview](/azure/devops/pipelines/release/approvals/).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | Classic release |
| Runs on | Server |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Deploy |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Remove YAML block for designer only tasks

task-reference/manual-intervention-v8.md, after:

---
title: ManualIntervention@8 - Manual intervention v8 task
description: Pause deployment and wait for manual intervention.
ms.date: 10/21/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# ManualIntervention@8 - Manual intervention v8 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Pause deployment in a classic release pipeline and wait for manual intervention.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Pause deployment and wait for intervention.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# This task is supported on classic release pipelines only.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure this task in a classic release pipeline.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="instructions"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`instructions`** - **Instructions**<br>
`string`.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
These instructions will be shown to the user for resuming or rejecting the manual intervention. Based on these instructions the user will take an informed decision about this manual intervention.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<br>

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="emailRecipients"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`emailRecipients`** - **Notify users**<br>
`string`.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Send a manual intervention pending email to specific users (or groups). Only users with manage deployment permission can act on a manual intervention.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<br>

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="onTimeout"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`onTimeout`** - **On timeout**<br>
`string`. Allowed values: `reject`, `resume`. Default value: `reject`.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Reject or resume this manual intervention automatically after it is pending for the specified timeout or 60 days, whichever is earlier.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<br>

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

Use this task in a release pipeline to pause an active deployment within a stage,
typically to perform some manual steps or actions, and then continue the automated deployment tasks.

> [!NOTE]
> This task can be used in only an [agentless job](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/phases#server-jobs) of a release pipeline. This article refers only to classic pipelines. For YAML usage, see [Manual Validation task](manual-validation-v0.md).

:::image type="content" source="media/maninter-use-variables.png" alt-text="Screenshot of configuring a Manual Intervention task.":::

The **Manual Intervention** task does not perform deployment actions directly.
Instead, it allows you to pause an active deployment within a stage, typically to perform some
manual steps or actions, and then continue the automated deployment tasks. For example, the user may
need to edit the details of the current release before continuing; perhaps by entering the values for
custom variables used by the tasks in the release.

The **Manual Intervention** task configuration includes an **Instructions** parameter that
can be used to provide related information, or to specify the manual steps
the user should execute during the agentless job. You can configure the task to
send email notifications to users and user groups when it is awaiting intervention,
and specify the automatic response (reject or resume the deployment) after a configurable
timeout occurs.

> [!NOTE]
> You can use built-in and custom variables to generate portions of your instructions.

When the Manual Intervention task is activated during a deployment, it sets
the deployment state to **IN PROGRESS** and displays
a message bar containing  a link that opens the Manual Intervention dialog containing the instructions.
After carrying out the manual steps, the administrator or user can choose to resume the deployment, or reject it.
Users with **Manage deployment** permission on the stage can resume or reject the manual intervention.

For more information about using this task, see [Approvals and gates overview](/azure/devops/pipelines/release/approvals/).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | Classic release |
| Runs on | Server |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Deploy |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
