task-reference/node-tool-v0.md, before:

---
title: NodeTool@0 - Node.js tool installer v0 task
description: Finds or downloads and caches the specified version spec of Node.js and adds it to the PATH.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# NodeTool@0 - Node.js tool installer v0 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Finds or downloads and caches the specified version spec of Node.js and adds it to the PATH.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Finds or Downloads and caches specified version spec of Node and adds it to the PATH.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

```yaml
# Node.js tool installer v0
# Finds or downloads and caches the specified version spec of Node.js and adds it to the PATH.
- task: NodeTool@0
  inputs:
    versionSpec: '6.x' # string. Required. Version Spec. Default: '6.x'.
    #checkLatest: false # boolean. Check for Latest Version. Default: false.
    #force32bit: false # boolean. Use 32 bit version on x64 agents. Default: false.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1 <=azure-pipelines-2020"

```yaml
# Node.js tool installer v0
# Finds or downloads and caches the specified version spec of Node.js and adds it to the PATH.
- task: NodeTool@0
  inputs:
    versionSpec: '6.x' # string. Required. Version Spec. Default: '6.x'.
    #checkLatest: false # boolean. Check for Latest Version. Default: false.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Node Tool Installer v0
# Finds or Downloads and caches specified version spec of Node and adds it to the PATH.
- task: NodeTool@0
  inputs:
    versionSpec: '6.x' # string. Required. Version Spec. Default: '6.x'.
    #checkLatest: false # boolean. Check for Latest Version. Default: false.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="versionSpec"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`versionSpec`** - **Version Spec**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: '6.x'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Version Spec of version to get.  Examples: 6.x, 4.x, 6.10.0, >=6.10.0.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="checkLatest"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`checkLatest`** - **Check for Latest Version**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select if you want the agent to check for the latest available version that satisfies the version spec. For example, you select this option because you run this build on your [self-hosted agent](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents) and you want to always use the latest `6.x` version.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="force32bit"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

**`force32bit`** - **Use 32 bit version on x64 agents**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Installs the x86 version of Node regardless of the CPU architecture of the agent.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2022"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | Running this task satisfies the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) for any subsequent tasks in the same job: Node, npm, node.js |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | This task runs using the following [command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions): restricted |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | This task has permission to [set the following variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions): PATH |
| Agent version |  2.182.1 or greater |
| Task category | Tool |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020 <=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | Running this task satisfies the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) for any subsequent tasks in the same job: Node, npm, node.js |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Tool |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | Running this task satisfies the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) for any subsequent tasks in the same job: Node, npm |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Tool |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | Running this task satisfies the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) for any subsequent tasks in the same job: Node |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Tool |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Import remarks and samples (#92)
* Import remarks and samples
Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/node-tool-v0.md, after:

---
title: NodeTool@0 - Node.js tool installer v0 task
description: Finds or downloads and caches the specified version spec of Node.js and adds it to the PATH.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# NodeTool@0 - Node.js tool installer v0 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Finds or downloads and caches the specified version spec of Node.js and adds it to the PATH.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Finds or Downloads and caches specified version spec of Node and adds it to the PATH.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

```yaml
# Node.js tool installer v0
# Finds or downloads and caches the specified version spec of Node.js and adds it to the PATH.
- task: NodeTool@0
  inputs:
    versionSpec: '6.x' # string. Required. Version Spec. Default: '6.x'.
    #checkLatest: false # boolean. Check for Latest Version. Default: false.
    #force32bit: false # boolean. Use 32 bit version on x64 agents. Default: false.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1 <=azure-pipelines-2020"

```yaml
# Node.js tool installer v0
# Finds or downloads and caches the specified version spec of Node.js and adds it to the PATH.
- task: NodeTool@0
  inputs:
    versionSpec: '6.x' # string. Required. Version Spec. Default: '6.x'.
    #checkLatest: false # boolean. Check for Latest Version. Default: false.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Node Tool Installer v0
# Finds or Downloads and caches specified version spec of Node and adds it to the PATH.
- task: NodeTool@0
  inputs:
    versionSpec: '6.x' # string. Required. Version Spec. Default: '6.x'.
    #checkLatest: false # boolean. Check for Latest Version. Default: false.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="versionSpec"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`versionSpec`** - **Version Spec**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: '6.x'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Version Spec of version to get.  Examples: 6.x, 4.x, 6.10.0, >=6.10.0.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="checkLatest"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`checkLatest`** - **Check for Latest Version**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select if you want the agent to check for the latest available version that satisfies the version spec. For example, you select this option because you run this build on your [self-hosted agent](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents) and you want to always use the latest `6.x` version.

> [!TIP]
> If you're using [the Microsoft-hosted agents](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/hosted), you should leave this set to false. Microsoft updates the Microsoft-hosted agents on a regular basis, but they're often slightly behind the latest version. So enabling this parameter will result in your build spending a lot of time updating to a newer minor version.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="force32bit"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

**`force32bit`** - **Use 32 bit version on x64 agents**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Installs the x86 version of Node regardless of the CPU architecture of the agent.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2022"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | Running this task satisfies the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) for any subsequent tasks in the same job: Node, npm, node.js |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | This task runs using the following [command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions): restricted |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | This task has permission to [set the following variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions): PATH |
| Agent version |  2.182.1 or greater |
| Task category | Tool |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020 <=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | Running this task satisfies the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) for any subsequent tasks in the same job: Node, npm, node.js |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Tool |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | Running this task satisfies the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) for any subsequent tasks in the same job: Node, npm |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Tool |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | Running this task satisfies the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) for any subsequent tasks in the same job: Node |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Tool |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
## See also

For an explanation of tool installers and examples, see [Tool installers](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/tasks#tool-installers).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
