task-reference/npm-v1.md, before:

---
title: Npm@1 - npm v1 task
description: Install and publish npm packages, or run an npm command. Supports npmjs.com and authenticated registries like Azure Artifacts.
ms.date: 08/31/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# Npm@1 - npm v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Install and publish npm packages, or run an npm command. Supports npmjs.com and authenticated registries like Azure Artifacts.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Install and publish npm packages, or run an npm command. Supports npmjs.com and authenticated registries like Package Management.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

```yaml
# npm v1
# Install and publish npm packages, or run an npm command. Supports npmjs.com and authenticated registries like Azure Artifacts.
- task: Npm@1
  inputs:
    command: 'install' # 'ci' | 'install' | 'publish' | 'custom'. Required. Command. Default: 'install'.
    #workingDir: # string. Working folder that contains package.json. 
    #customCommand: # string. Required when command = custom. Command and arguments. 
  # Advanced
    #verbose: # boolean. Verbose logging. 
    #publishPackageMetadata: true # boolean. Optional. Use when command = publish && publishRegistry = useFeed. Publish pipeline metadata. Default: true.
  # Custom registries and authentication
    #customRegistry: 'useNpmrc' # 'useNpmrc' | 'useFeed'. Registries to use. Default: 'useNpmrc'.
    #customFeed: # string. Required when customRegistry = useFeed. Use packages from this Azure Artifacts/TFS registry. 
    #customEndpoint: # string. Optional. Use when customRegistry = useNpmrc. Credentials for registries outside this organization/collection. 
  # Destination registry and authentication
    #publishRegistry: 'useExternalRegistry' # 'useExternalRegistry' | 'useFeed'. Registry location. Default: 'useExternalRegistry'.
    #publishFeed: # string. Required when publishRegistry = useFeed. Target registry. 
    publishEndpoint: # string. Required when publishRegistry = useExternalRegistry. External Registry.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# npm v1
# Install and publish npm packages, or run an npm command. Supports npmjs.com and authenticated registries like Azure Artifacts.
- task: Npm@1
  inputs:
    command: 'install' # 'install' | 'publish' | 'custom'. Required. Command. Default: 'install'.
    #workingDir: # string. Working folder that contains package.json. 
    #customCommand: # string. Required when command = custom. Command and arguments. 
  # Advanced
    #verbose: # boolean. Verbose logging. 
    #publishPackageMetadata: true # boolean. Optional. Use when command = publish && publishRegistry = useFeed. Publish pipeline metadata. Default: true.
  # Custom registries and authentication
    #customRegistry: 'useNpmrc' # 'useNpmrc' | 'useFeed'. Registries to use. Default: 'useNpmrc'.
    #customFeed: # string. Required when customRegistry = useFeed. Use packages from this Azure Artifacts/TFS registry. 
    #customEndpoint: # string. Optional. Use when customRegistry = useNpmrc. Credentials for registries outside this organization/collection. 
  # Destination registry and authentication
    #publishRegistry: 'useExternalRegistry' # 'useExternalRegistry' | 'useFeed'. Registry location. Default: 'useExternalRegistry'.
    #publishFeed: # string. Required when publishRegistry = useFeed. Target registry. 
    publishEndpoint: # string. Required when publishRegistry = useExternalRegistry. External Registry.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# npm v1
# Install and publish npm packages, or run an npm command. Supports npmjs.com and authenticated registries like Package Management.
- task: Npm@1
  inputs:
    command: 'install' # 'install' | 'publish' | 'custom'. Required. Command. Default: 'install'.
    #workingDir: # string. Working folder with package.json. 
    #customCommand: # string. Required when command = custom. Command and arguments. 
  # Advanced
    #verbose: # boolean. Verbose logging. 
  # Custom registries and authentication
    #customRegistry: 'useNpmrc' # 'useNpmrc' | 'useFeed'. Registries to use. Default: 'useNpmrc'.
    #customFeed: # string. Required when customRegistry = useFeed. Use packages from this Azure Artifacts/TFS registry. 
    #customEndpoint: # string. Optional. Use when customRegistry = useNpmrc. Credentials for registries outside this account/collection. 
  # Destination registry and authentication
    #publishRegistry: 'useExternalRegistry' # 'useExternalRegistry' | 'useFeed'. Registry location. Default: 'useExternalRegistry'.
    #publishFeed: # string. Required when publishRegistry = useFeed. Target registry. 
    publishEndpoint: # string. Required when publishRegistry = useExternalRegistry. External Registry.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="command"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

**`command`** - **Command**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'ci', 'install', 'publish', 'custom'. Default value: 'install'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The command and arguments which will be passed to npm for execution.

If your arguments contain double quotes ("), escape them with a slash (\), and surround the escaped string with double quotes (").
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`command`** - **Command**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'install', 'publish', 'custom'. Default value: 'install'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The command and arguments which will be passed to npm for execution.

If your arguments contain double quotes ("), escape them with a slash (\), and surround the escaped string with double quotes (").
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="workingDir"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`workingDir`** - **Working folder that contains package.json**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Path to the folder containing the target package.json and .npmrc files. Select the folder, not the file e.g. "/packages/mypackage".
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`workingDir`** - **Working folder with package.json**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Path to the folder containing the target package.json and .npmrc files. Select the folder, not the file e.g. "/packages/mypackage".
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="verbose"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`verbose`** - **Verbose logging**<br>
Type: boolean.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select to print more information to the console on run.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="customCommand"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`customCommand`** - **Command and arguments**<br>
Type: string. Required when command = custom.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Custom command to run, e.g. "dist-tag ls mypackage".
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="customRegistry"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`customRegistry`** - **Registries to use**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'useNpmrc', 'useFeed'. Default value: 'useNpmrc'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
You can either commit a .npmrc file to your source code repository and set its path here or select a registry from Azure Artifacts here.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="customFeed"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`customFeed`** - **Use packages from this Azure Artifacts/TFS registry**<br>
Type: string. Required when customRegistry = useFeed.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Include the selected feed in the generated .npmrc.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`customFeed`** - **Use packages from this VSTS/TFS registry**<br>
Type: string. Required when customRegistry = useFeed.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Include the selected feed in the generated .npmrc.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="customEndpoint"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`customEndpoint`** - **Credentials for registries outside this organization/collection**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when customRegistry = useNpmrc.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Credentials to use for external registries located in the project's .npmrc. For registries in this account/collection, leave this blank; the build’s credentials are used automatically.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`customEndpoint`** - **Credentials for registries outside this account/collection**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when customRegistry = useNpmrc.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Credentials to use for external registries located in the project's .npmrc. For registries in this account/collection, leave this blank; the build’s credentials are used automatically.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="publishRegistry"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`publishRegistry`** - **Registry location**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'useExternalRegistry', 'useFeed'. Default value: 'useExternalRegistry'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Registry the command will target.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="publishFeed"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`publishFeed`** - **Target registry**<br>
Type: string. Required when publishRegistry = useFeed.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select a registry hosted in this account. You must have Package Management installed and licensed to select a registry here.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="publishPackageMetadata"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`publishPackageMetadata`** - **Publish pipeline metadata**<br>
Type: boolean. Optional. Use when command = publish && publishRegistry = useFeed. Default value: true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Associate this build/release pipeline’s metadata (run #, source code information) with the package.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="publishEndpoint"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`publishEndpoint`** - **External Registry**<br>
Type: string. Required when publishRegistry = useExternalRegistry.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Credentials to use for publishing to an external registry.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The [npm Authenticate](npm-authenticate-v0.md) task is the recommended way to authenticate with Azure Artifacts. This npm no longer takes new features and only critical bugs are addressed.

### Where can I learn npm commands and arguments?

* [npm docs](https://docs.npmjs.com/)
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
## Examples

* [Build your Node.js app with gulp](/azure/devops/pipelines/ecosystems/javascript)
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | Self-hosted agents must have [capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) that match the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) to run jobs that use this task: npm |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.115.0 or greater |
| Task category | Package |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | Self-hosted agents must have [capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) that match the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) to run jobs that use this task: npm |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  1.91.0 or greater |
| Task category | Package |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/npm-v1.md, after:

---
title: Npm@1 - npm v1 task
description: Install and publish npm packages, or run an npm command. Supports npmjs.com and authenticated registries like Azure Artifacts.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# Npm@1 - npm v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Install and publish npm packages, or run an npm command. Supports npmjs.com and authenticated registries like Azure Artifacts.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Install and publish npm packages, or run an npm command. Supports npmjs.com and authenticated registries like Package Management.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

```yaml
# npm v1
# Install and publish npm packages, or run an npm command. Supports npmjs.com and authenticated registries like Azure Artifacts.
- task: Npm@1
  inputs:
    command: 'install' # 'ci' | 'install' | 'publish' | 'custom'. Required. Command. Default: 'install'.
    #workingDir: # string. Working folder that contains package.json. 
    #customCommand: # string. Required when command = custom. Command and arguments. 
  # Advanced
    #verbose: # boolean. Verbose logging. 
    #publishPackageMetadata: true # boolean. Optional. Use when command = publish && publishRegistry = useFeed. Publish pipeline metadata. Default: true.
  # Custom registries and authentication
    #customRegistry: 'useNpmrc' # 'useNpmrc' | 'useFeed'. Registries to use. Default: 'useNpmrc'.
    #customFeed: # string. Required when customRegistry = useFeed. Use packages from this Azure Artifacts/TFS registry. 
    #customEndpoint: # string. Optional. Use when customRegistry = useNpmrc. Credentials for registries outside this organization/collection. 
  # Destination registry and authentication
    #publishRegistry: 'useExternalRegistry' # 'useExternalRegistry' | 'useFeed'. Registry location. Default: 'useExternalRegistry'.
    #publishFeed: # string. Required when publishRegistry = useFeed. Target registry. 
    publishEndpoint: # string. Required when publishRegistry = useExternalRegistry. External Registry.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# npm v1
# Install and publish npm packages, or run an npm command. Supports npmjs.com and authenticated registries like Azure Artifacts.
- task: Npm@1
  inputs:
    command: 'install' # 'install' | 'publish' | 'custom'. Required. Command. Default: 'install'.
    #workingDir: # string. Working folder that contains package.json. 
    #customCommand: # string. Required when command = custom. Command and arguments. 
  # Advanced
    #verbose: # boolean. Verbose logging. 
    #publishPackageMetadata: true # boolean. Optional. Use when command = publish && publishRegistry = useFeed. Publish pipeline metadata. Default: true.
  # Custom registries and authentication
    #customRegistry: 'useNpmrc' # 'useNpmrc' | 'useFeed'. Registries to use. Default: 'useNpmrc'.
    #customFeed: # string. Required when customRegistry = useFeed. Use packages from this Azure Artifacts/TFS registry. 
    #customEndpoint: # string. Optional. Use when customRegistry = useNpmrc. Credentials for registries outside this organization/collection. 
  # Destination registry and authentication
    #publishRegistry: 'useExternalRegistry' # 'useExternalRegistry' | 'useFeed'. Registry location. Default: 'useExternalRegistry'.
    #publishFeed: # string. Required when publishRegistry = useFeed. Target registry. 
    publishEndpoint: # string. Required when publishRegistry = useExternalRegistry. External Registry.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# npm v1
# Install and publish npm packages, or run an npm command. Supports npmjs.com and authenticated registries like Package Management.
- task: Npm@1
  inputs:
    command: 'install' # 'install' | 'publish' | 'custom'. Required. Command. Default: 'install'.
    #workingDir: # string. Working folder with package.json. 
    #customCommand: # string. Required when command = custom. Command and arguments. 
  # Advanced
    #verbose: # boolean. Verbose logging. 
  # Custom registries and authentication
    #customRegistry: 'useNpmrc' # 'useNpmrc' | 'useFeed'. Registries to use. Default: 'useNpmrc'.
    #customFeed: # string. Required when customRegistry = useFeed. Use packages from this Azure Artifacts/TFS registry. 
    #customEndpoint: # string. Optional. Use when customRegistry = useNpmrc. Credentials for registries outside this account/collection. 
  # Destination registry and authentication
    #publishRegistry: 'useExternalRegistry' # 'useExternalRegistry' | 'useFeed'. Registry location. Default: 'useExternalRegistry'.
    #publishFeed: # string. Required when publishRegistry = useFeed. Target registry. 
    publishEndpoint: # string. Required when publishRegistry = useExternalRegistry. External Registry.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="command"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

**`command`** - **Command**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'ci', 'install', 'publish', 'custom'. Default value: 'install'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The command and arguments which will be passed to npm for execution.

If your arguments contain double quotes ("), escape them with a slash (\), and surround the escaped string with double quotes (").
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`command`** - **Command**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'install', 'publish', 'custom'. Default value: 'install'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The command and arguments which will be passed to npm for execution.

If your arguments contain double quotes ("), escape them with a slash (\), and surround the escaped string with double quotes (").
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="workingDir"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`workingDir`** - **Working folder that contains package.json**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Path to the folder containing the target package.json and .npmrc files. Select the folder, not the file e.g. "/packages/mypackage".
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`workingDir`** - **Working folder with package.json**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Path to the folder containing the target package.json and .npmrc files. Select the folder, not the file e.g. "/packages/mypackage".
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="verbose"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`verbose`** - **Verbose logging**<br>
Type: boolean.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select to print more information to the console on run.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="customCommand"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`customCommand`** - **Command and arguments**<br>
Type: string. Required when command = custom.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Custom command to run, e.g. "dist-tag ls mypackage".
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="customRegistry"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`customRegistry`** - **Registries to use**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'useNpmrc', 'useFeed'. Default value: 'useNpmrc'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
You can either commit a .npmrc file to your source code repository and set its path here or select a registry from Azure Artifacts here.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="customFeed"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`customFeed`** - **Use packages from this Azure Artifacts/TFS registry**<br>
Type: string. Required when customRegistry = useFeed.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Include the selected feed in the generated .npmrc.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`customFeed`** - **Use packages from this VSTS/TFS registry**<br>
Type: string. Required when customRegistry = useFeed.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Include the selected feed in the generated .npmrc.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="customEndpoint"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`customEndpoint`** - **Credentials for registries outside this organization/collection**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when customRegistry = useNpmrc.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Credentials to use for external registries located in the project's .npmrc. For registries in this account/collection, leave this blank; the build’s credentials are used automatically.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`customEndpoint`** - **Credentials for registries outside this account/collection**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when customRegistry = useNpmrc.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Credentials to use for external registries located in the project's .npmrc. For registries in this account/collection, leave this blank; the build’s credentials are used automatically.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="publishRegistry"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`publishRegistry`** - **Registry location**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'useExternalRegistry', 'useFeed'. Default value: 'useExternalRegistry'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Registry the command will target.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="publishFeed"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`publishFeed`** - **Target registry**<br>
Type: string. Required when publishRegistry = useFeed.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select a registry hosted in this account. You must have Package Management installed and licensed to select a registry here.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="publishPackageMetadata"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`publishPackageMetadata`** - **Publish pipeline metadata**<br>
Type: boolean. Optional. Use when command = publish && publishRegistry = useFeed. Default value: true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Associate this build/release pipeline’s metadata (run #, source code information) with the package.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="publishEndpoint"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`publishEndpoint`** - **External Registry**<br>
Type: string. Required when publishRegistry = useExternalRegistry.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Credentials to use for publishing to an external registry.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The [npm Authenticate](npm-authenticate-v0.md) task is the recommended way to authenticate with Azure Artifacts. This npm no longer takes new features and only critical bugs are addressed.

### Where can I learn npm commands and arguments?

* [npm docs](https://docs.npmjs.com/)
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
## Examples

* [Build your Node.js app with gulp](/azure/devops/pipelines/ecosystems/javascript)
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | Self-hosted agents must have [capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) that match the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) to run jobs that use this task: npm |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.115.0 or greater |
| Task category | Package |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | Self-hosted agents must have [capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) that match the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) to run jobs that use this task: npm |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  1.91.0 or greater |
| Task category | Package |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
