task-reference/nuget-v0.md, before:

---
title: NuGet@0 - NuGet command v0 task
description: NuGet@0 is deprecated. Use the “NuGet” task instead. It works with the new Tool Installer framework so you can easily use new versions of NuGet without waiting for a task update, provides better support for authenticated feeds outside this organization/collection, and uses NuGet 4 by default.
ms.date: 08/18/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# NuGet@0 - NuGet command v0 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
NuGet@0 is deprecated. Use the NuGet task instead. It works with the new Tool Installer framework so you can easily use new versions of NuGet without waiting for a task update, provides better support for authenticated feeds outside this organization/collection, and uses NuGet 4 by default.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

This task is deprecated.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# NuGet command v0
# Deprecated: use the “NuGet” task instead. It works with the new Tool Installer framework so you can easily use new versions of NuGet without waiting for a task update, provides better support for authenticated feeds outside this organization/collection, and uses NuGet 4 by default.
- task: NuGet@0
  inputs:
    command: # string. Required. Command. 
    #arguments: # string. Arguments.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# NuGet Command v0
# Deprecated: use the “NuGet” task instead. It works with the new Tool Installer framework so you can easily use new versions of NuGet without waiting for a task update, provides better support for authenticated feeds outside this account/collection, and uses NuGet 4 by default.
- task: NuGet@0
  inputs:
    command: # string. Required. Command. 
    #arguments: # string. Arguments.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="command"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`command`** - **Command**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The NuGet command to run.

Examples: restore, pack.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="arguments"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`arguments`** - **Arguments**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Arguments for the provided command.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.115.0 or greater |
| Task category | Package |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/nuget-v0.md, after:

---
title: NuGet@0 - NuGet command v0 task
description: NuGet@0 is deprecated. Use the “NuGet” task instead. It works with the new Tool Installer framework so you can easily use new versions of NuGet without waiting for a task update, provides better support for authenticated feeds outside this organization/collection, and uses NuGet 4 by default.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# NuGet@0 - NuGet command v0 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
NuGet@0 is deprecated. Use the NuGet task instead. It works with the new Tool Installer framework so you can easily use new versions of NuGet without waiting for a task update, provides better support for authenticated feeds outside this organization/collection, and uses NuGet 4 by default.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

This task is deprecated.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# NuGet command v0
# Deprecated: use the “NuGet” task instead. It works with the new Tool Installer framework so you can easily use new versions of NuGet without waiting for a task update, provides better support for authenticated feeds outside this organization/collection, and uses NuGet 4 by default.
- task: NuGet@0
  inputs:
    command: # string. Required. Command. 
    #arguments: # string. Arguments.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# NuGet Command v0
# Deprecated: use the “NuGet” task instead. It works with the new Tool Installer framework so you can easily use new versions of NuGet without waiting for a task update, provides better support for authenticated feeds outside this account/collection, and uses NuGet 4 by default.
- task: NuGet@0
  inputs:
    command: # string. Required. Command. 
    #arguments: # string. Arguments.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="command"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`command`** - **Command**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The NuGet command to run.

Examples: restore, pack.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="arguments"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`arguments`** - **Arguments**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Arguments for the provided command.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.115.0 or greater |
| Task category | Package |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
