task-reference/powershell-on-target-machines-v3.md, before:

---
title: PowerShellOnTargetMachines@3 - PowerShell on target machines v3 task
description: Execute PowerShell scripts on remote machines using PSSession and Invoke-Command for remoting.
ms.date: 08/10/2022
monikerRange: ">=azure-pipelines-2019"
---

# PowerShellOnTargetMachines@3 - PowerShell on target machines v3 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Execute PowerShell scripts on remote machines using PSSession and Invoke-Command for remoting.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Execute PowerShell scripts on remote machine(s). This version of the task uses PSSession and Invoke-Command for remoting.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# PowerShell on target machines v3
# Execute PowerShell scripts on remote machines using PSSession and Invoke-Command for remoting.
- task: PowerShellOnTargetMachines@3
  inputs:
    Machines: # string. Required. Machines. 
    #UserName: # string. Username. 
    #UserPassword: # string. Password. 
  # Script options
    #ScriptType: 'Inline' # 'FilePath' | 'Inline'. Script Type. Default: 'Inline'.
    #ScriptPath: # string. Required when ScriptType = FilePath. Script File Path. 
    InlineScript: # string. Required when ScriptType = Inline. Script. 
    #ScriptArguments: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Script Arguments. 
    #InitializationScript: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Initialization script. 
    #SessionVariables: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Session Variables. 
  # PSSession options
    #CommunicationProtocol: 'Https' # 'Http' | 'Https'. Protocol. Default: 'Https'.
    #AuthenticationMechanism: 'Default' # 'Default' | 'Credssp'. Authentication. Default: 'Default'.
    #NewPsSessionOptionArguments: '-SkipCACheck -IdleTimeout 7200000 -OperationTimeout 0 -OutputBufferingMode Block' # string. Session Option parameters. Default: '-SkipCACheck -IdleTimeout 7200000 -OperationTimeout 0 -OutputBufferingMode Block'.
  # Error handling options
    #ErrorActionPreference: 'stop' # 'stop' | 'continue' | 'silentlyContinue'. ErrorActionPreference. Default: 'stop'.
    #failOnStderr: false # boolean. Fail on Standard Error. Default: false.
    #ignoreLASTEXITCODE: false # boolean. Ignore $LASTEXITCODE. Default: false.
  # Advanced
    #WorkingDirectory: # string. Working Directory. 
    #RunPowershellInParallel: true # boolean. Run PowerShell in Parallel. Default: true.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# PowerShell on Target Machines v3
# Execute PowerShell scripts on remote machine(s). This version of the task uses PSSession and Invoke-Command for remoting.
- task: PowerShellOnTargetMachines@3
  inputs:
    Machines: # string. Required. Machines. 
    #UserName: # string. Username. 
    #UserPassword: # string. Password. 
  # Script options
    #ScriptType: 'Inline' # 'FilePath' | 'Inline'. Script Type. Default: 'Inline'.
    #ScriptPath: # string. Required when ScriptType = FilePath. Script File Path. 
    InlineScript: # string. Required when ScriptType = Inline. Script. 
    #ScriptArguments: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Script Arguments. 
    #InitializationScript: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Initialization script. 
    #SessionVariables: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Session Variables. 
  # PSSession options
    #CommunicationProtocol: 'Https' # 'Http' | 'Https'. Protocol. Default: 'Https'.
    #AuthenticationMechanism: 'Default' # 'Default' | 'Credssp'. Authentication. Default: 'Default'.
    #NewPsSessionOptionArguments: '-SkipCACheck -IdleTimeout 7200000 -OperationTimeout 0 -OutputBufferingMode Block' # string. Session Option parameters. Default: '-SkipCACheck -IdleTimeout 7200000 -OperationTimeout 0 -OutputBufferingMode Block'.
  # Error handling options
    #ErrorActionPreference: 'stop' # 'stop' | 'continue' | 'silentlyContinue'. ErrorActionPreference. Default: 'stop'.
    #failOnStderr: false # boolean. Fail on Standard Error. Default: false.
    #ignoreLASTEXITCODE: false # boolean. Ignore $LASTEXITCODE. Default: false.
  # Advanced
    #WorkingDirectory: # string. Working Directory. 
    #RunPowershellInParallel: true # boolean. Run PowerShell in Parallel. Default: true.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="Machines"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`Machines`** - **Machines**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Provide a comma separated list of machine IP addresses or FQDNs along with ports. Port is defaulted based on the selected protocol. <br>Eg: dbserver.fabrikam.com,dbserver_int.fabrikam.com:5986,192.168.12.34:5986 <br>Or provide build or release variables. Eg: $(variableName) <br>If you are using HTTPS, name/IP of machine should match the CN in the certificate.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="UserName"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`UserName`** - **Username**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Username for the target machines. The user should be a part of Administrators group or WinRM remote management users group. <br> Eg: Format: Domain\Admin User, Admin User@Domain, .\Admin User.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="UserPassword"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`UserPassword`** - **Password**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
password for the target machines. <br>It can accept variable defined in build or release pipelines as '$(passwordVariable)'. <br>You may mark variable type as 'secret' to secure it.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ScriptType"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`ScriptType`** - **Script Type**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'FilePath', 'Inline'. Default value: 'Inline'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The type of script to execute: Inline or File Path.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ScriptPath"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`ScriptPath`** - **Script File Path**<br>
Type: string. Required when ScriptType = FilePath.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Location of the PowerShell script on the target machines or on a UNC path like C:\BudgetIT\Web\Deploy\Website.ps1 which should be accessible from the target machine.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="InlineScript"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`InlineScript`** - **Script**<br>
Type: string. Required when ScriptType = Inline.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ScriptArguments"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`ScriptArguments`** - **Script Arguments**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Arguments for the PowerShell script. Can be ordinal parameters or named parameters like -testParam test.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="InitializationScript"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`InitializationScript`** - **Initialization script**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Location of the data script for DSC on the target machines or on a UNC path like C:\BudgetIT\Web\Deploy\WebsiteConfiguration.ps1.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="SessionVariables"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`SessionVariables`** - **Session Variables**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Set common session variables for both the scripts. Variable assignments should be valid PowerShell statements.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="CommunicationProtocol"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`CommunicationProtocol`** - **Protocol**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'Http', 'Https'. Default value: 'Https'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the protocol to use for the WinRM service connection with the machine(s). Default is HTTPS.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="AuthenticationMechanism"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`AuthenticationMechanism`** - **Authentication**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'Default', 'Credssp'. Default value: 'Default'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the authentication mechanism to be used for creating the pssession. For 'CredSSP' authentication, username and password fields are mandatory.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="NewPsSessionOptionArguments"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`NewPsSessionOptionArguments`** - **Session Option parameters**<br>
Type: string. Default value: '-SkipCACheck -IdleTimeout 7200000 -OperationTimeout 0 -OutputBufferingMode Block'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Advanced options for remote session (New-PSSessionOption). For example, -SkipCACheck, -SkipCNCheck, -SkipRevocationCheck etc. For a complete list of all session options, see [this](https://aka.ms/Vsts_PS_TM_v3_NewPSSessionOptions).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ErrorActionPreference"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`ErrorActionPreference`** - **ErrorActionPreference**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'stop', 'continue', 'silentlyContinue'. Default value: 'stop'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Prepends the line `$ErrorActionPreference = 'VALUE'` at the top of your script.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="failOnStderr"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`failOnStderr`** - **Fail on Standard Error**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If this is true, this task will fail if any errors are written to the error pipeline, or if any data is written to the Standard Error stream. Otherwise the task will rely on the exit code to determine failure.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ignoreLASTEXITCODE"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`ignoreLASTEXITCODE`** - **Ignore $LASTEXITCODE**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If this is false, the line `if ((Test-Path -LiteralPath variable:\LASTEXITCODE)) { exit $LASTEXITCODE }` is executed at the end of your script. This will cause the last exit code from an external command to be propagated as the exit code of powershell. Otherwise the line is not executed to the end of your script.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="WorkingDirectory"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`WorkingDirectory`** - **Working Directory**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Working directory where the script is run.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="RunPowershellInParallel"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`RunPowershellInParallel`** - **Run PowerShell in Parallel**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Setting it to true will run the PowerShell scripts in parallel on the target machines.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

What's new in this task version.

* Uses PSSession and invoke-command to perform remoting on target machines.
* Added support for inline script execution.
* Default and Credssp authentication are supported.
* Added options for error handling: ErrorActionPreference, ignoreLASTEXITCODE and Fail on Standard Error.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.134.0 or greater |
| Task category | Deploy |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/powershell-on-target-machines-v3.md, after:

---
title: PowerShellOnTargetMachines@3 - PowerShell on target machines v3 task
description: Execute PowerShell scripts on remote machines using PSSession and Invoke-Command for remoting.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: ">=azure-pipelines-2019"
---

# PowerShellOnTargetMachines@3 - PowerShell on target machines v3 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Execute PowerShell scripts on remote machines using PSSession and Invoke-Command for remoting.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Execute PowerShell scripts on remote machine(s). This version of the task uses PSSession and Invoke-Command for remoting.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# PowerShell on target machines v3
# Execute PowerShell scripts on remote machines using PSSession and Invoke-Command for remoting.
- task: PowerShellOnTargetMachines@3
  inputs:
    Machines: # string. Required. Machines. 
    #UserName: # string. Username. 
    #UserPassword: # string. Password. 
  # Script options
    #ScriptType: 'Inline' # 'FilePath' | 'Inline'. Script Type. Default: 'Inline'.
    #ScriptPath: # string. Required when ScriptType = FilePath. Script File Path. 
    InlineScript: # string. Required when ScriptType = Inline. Script. 
    #ScriptArguments: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Script Arguments. 
    #InitializationScript: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Initialization script. 
    #SessionVariables: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Session Variables. 
  # PSSession options
    #CommunicationProtocol: 'Https' # 'Http' | 'Https'. Protocol. Default: 'Https'.
    #AuthenticationMechanism: 'Default' # 'Default' | 'Credssp'. Authentication. Default: 'Default'.
    #NewPsSessionOptionArguments: '-SkipCACheck -IdleTimeout 7200000 -OperationTimeout 0 -OutputBufferingMode Block' # string. Session Option parameters. Default: '-SkipCACheck -IdleTimeout 7200000 -OperationTimeout 0 -OutputBufferingMode Block'.
  # Error handling options
    #ErrorActionPreference: 'stop' # 'stop' | 'continue' | 'silentlyContinue'. ErrorActionPreference. Default: 'stop'.
    #failOnStderr: false # boolean. Fail on Standard Error. Default: false.
    #ignoreLASTEXITCODE: false # boolean. Ignore $LASTEXITCODE. Default: false.
  # Advanced
    #WorkingDirectory: # string. Working Directory. 
    #RunPowershellInParallel: true # boolean. Run PowerShell in Parallel. Default: true.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# PowerShell on Target Machines v3
# Execute PowerShell scripts on remote machine(s). This version of the task uses PSSession and Invoke-Command for remoting.
- task: PowerShellOnTargetMachines@3
  inputs:
    Machines: # string. Required. Machines. 
    #UserName: # string. Username. 
    #UserPassword: # string. Password. 
  # Script options
    #ScriptType: 'Inline' # 'FilePath' | 'Inline'. Script Type. Default: 'Inline'.
    #ScriptPath: # string. Required when ScriptType = FilePath. Script File Path. 
    InlineScript: # string. Required when ScriptType = Inline. Script. 
    #ScriptArguments: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Script Arguments. 
    #InitializationScript: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Initialization script. 
    #SessionVariables: # string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath. Session Variables. 
  # PSSession options
    #CommunicationProtocol: 'Https' # 'Http' | 'Https'. Protocol. Default: 'Https'.
    #AuthenticationMechanism: 'Default' # 'Default' | 'Credssp'. Authentication. Default: 'Default'.
    #NewPsSessionOptionArguments: '-SkipCACheck -IdleTimeout 7200000 -OperationTimeout 0 -OutputBufferingMode Block' # string. Session Option parameters. Default: '-SkipCACheck -IdleTimeout 7200000 -OperationTimeout 0 -OutputBufferingMode Block'.
  # Error handling options
    #ErrorActionPreference: 'stop' # 'stop' | 'continue' | 'silentlyContinue'. ErrorActionPreference. Default: 'stop'.
    #failOnStderr: false # boolean. Fail on Standard Error. Default: false.
    #ignoreLASTEXITCODE: false # boolean. Ignore $LASTEXITCODE. Default: false.
  # Advanced
    #WorkingDirectory: # string. Working Directory. 
    #RunPowershellInParallel: true # boolean. Run PowerShell in Parallel. Default: true.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="Machines"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`Machines`** - **Machines**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Provide a comma separated list of machine IP addresses or FQDNs along with ports. Port is defaulted based on the selected protocol. <br>Eg: dbserver.fabrikam.com,dbserver_int.fabrikam.com:5986,192.168.12.34:5986 <br>Or provide build or release variables. Eg: $(variableName) <br>If you are using HTTPS, name/IP of machine should match the CN in the certificate.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="UserName"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`UserName`** - **Username**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Username for the target machines. The user should be a part of Administrators group or WinRM remote management users group. <br> Eg: Format: Domain\Admin User, Admin User@Domain, .\Admin User.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="UserPassword"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`UserPassword`** - **Password**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
password for the target machines. <br>It can accept variable defined in build or release pipelines as '$(passwordVariable)'. <br>You may mark variable type as 'secret' to secure it.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ScriptType"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`ScriptType`** - **Script Type**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'FilePath', 'Inline'. Default value: 'Inline'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The type of script to execute: Inline or File Path.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ScriptPath"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`ScriptPath`** - **Script File Path**<br>
Type: string. Required when ScriptType = FilePath.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Location of the PowerShell script on the target machines or on a UNC path like C:\BudgetIT\Web\Deploy\Website.ps1 which should be accessible from the target machine.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="InlineScript"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`InlineScript`** - **Script**<br>
Type: string. Required when ScriptType = Inline.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ScriptArguments"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`ScriptArguments`** - **Script Arguments**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Arguments for the PowerShell script. Can be ordinal parameters or named parameters like -testParam test.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="InitializationScript"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`InitializationScript`** - **Initialization script**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Location of the data script for DSC on the target machines or on a UNC path like C:\BudgetIT\Web\Deploy\WebsiteConfiguration.ps1.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="SessionVariables"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`SessionVariables`** - **Session Variables**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when ScriptType = FilePath.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Set common session variables for both the scripts. Variable assignments should be valid PowerShell statements.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="CommunicationProtocol"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`CommunicationProtocol`** - **Protocol**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'Http', 'Https'. Default value: 'Https'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the protocol to use for the WinRM service connection with the machine(s). Default is HTTPS.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="AuthenticationMechanism"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`AuthenticationMechanism`** - **Authentication**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'Default', 'Credssp'. Default value: 'Default'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the authentication mechanism to be used for creating the pssession. For 'CredSSP' authentication, username and password fields are mandatory.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="NewPsSessionOptionArguments"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`NewPsSessionOptionArguments`** - **Session Option parameters**<br>
Type: string. Default value: '-SkipCACheck -IdleTimeout 7200000 -OperationTimeout 0 -OutputBufferingMode Block'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Advanced options for remote session (New-PSSessionOption). For example, -SkipCACheck, -SkipCNCheck, -SkipRevocationCheck etc. For a complete list of all session options, see [this](https://aka.ms/Vsts_PS_TM_v3_NewPSSessionOptions).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ErrorActionPreference"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`ErrorActionPreference`** - **ErrorActionPreference**<br>
Type: string. Allowed values: 'stop', 'continue', 'silentlyContinue'. Default value: 'stop'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Prepends the line `$ErrorActionPreference = 'VALUE'` at the top of your script.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="failOnStderr"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`failOnStderr`** - **Fail on Standard Error**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If this is true, this task will fail if any errors are written to the error pipeline, or if any data is written to the Standard Error stream. Otherwise the task will rely on the exit code to determine failure.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ignoreLASTEXITCODE"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`ignoreLASTEXITCODE`** - **Ignore $LASTEXITCODE**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If this is false, the line `if ((Test-Path -LiteralPath variable:\LASTEXITCODE)) { exit $LASTEXITCODE }` is executed at the end of your script. This will cause the last exit code from an external command to be propagated as the exit code of powershell. Otherwise the line is not executed to the end of your script.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="WorkingDirectory"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`WorkingDirectory`** - **Working Directory**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Working directory where the script is run.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="RunPowershellInParallel"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`RunPowershellInParallel`** - **Run PowerShell in Parallel**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Setting it to true will run the PowerShell scripts in parallel on the target machines.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

What's new in this task version.

* Uses PSSession and invoke-command to perform remoting on target machines.
* Added support for inline script execution.
* Default and Credssp authentication are supported.
* Added options for error handling: ErrorActionPreference, ignoreLASTEXITCODE and Fail on Standard Error.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.134.0 or greater |
| Task category | Deploy |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
