task-reference/publish-test-results-v1.md, before:

---
title: PublishTestResults@1 - Publish test results v1 task
description: Publish test results to Azure Pipelines (task version 1).
ms.date: 08/18/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# PublishTestResults@1 - Publish test results v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Publish test results to Azure Pipelines.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Publish Test Results to VSTS/TFS.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# Publish test results v1
# Publish test results to Azure Pipelines.
- task: PublishTestResults@1
  inputs:
    testRunner: 'JUnit' # 'JUnit' | 'NUnit' | 'VSTest' | 'XUnit'. Required. Test Result Format. Default: 'JUnit'.
    testResultsFiles: '**/TEST-*.xml' # string. Required. Test Results Files. Default: '**/TEST-*.xml'.
    #mergeTestResults: false # boolean. Merge Test Results. Default: false.
    #testRunTitle: # string. Test Run Title. 
  # Advanced
    #platform: # string. Platform. 
    #configuration: # string. Configuration. 
    #publishRunAttachments: true # boolean. Upload Test Attachments. Default: true.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Publish Test Results v1
# Publish Test Results to VSTS/TFS.
- task: PublishTestResults@1
  inputs:
    testRunner: 'JUnit' # 'JUnit' | 'NUnit' | 'VSTest' | 'XUnit'. Required. Test Result Format. Default: 'JUnit'.
    testResultsFiles: '**/TEST-*.xml' # string. Required. Test Results Files. Default: '**/TEST-*.xml'.
    #mergeTestResults: false # boolean. Merge Test Results. Default: false.
    #testRunTitle: # string. Test Run Title. 
  # Advanced
    #platform: # string. Platform. 
    #configuration: # string. Configuration. 
    #publishRunAttachments: true # boolean. Upload Test Attachments. Default: true.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="testRunner"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`testRunner`** - **Test Result Format**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'JUnit', 'NUnit', 'VSTest', 'XUnit'. Default value: 'JUnit'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Format of test result files generated by your choice of test runner e.g. JUnit, VSTest, XUnit V2 and NUnit.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="testResultsFiles"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`testResultsFiles`** - **Test Results Files**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: '**/TEST-*.xml'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Test results files path.  Wildcards can be used.  For example, `**/TEST-*.xml` for all xml files whose name starts with TEST-.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="mergeTestResults"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`mergeTestResults`** - **Merge Test Results**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
To merge results from all test results files to one test run in Azure Pipelines, check this option. To create a test run for each test results file, uncheck this option.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="testRunTitle"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`testRunTitle`** - **Test Run Title**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Use this option to provide a name for the test run against which the results will be reported. Variable names declared in the build or release pipeline can be used.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="platform"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`platform`** - **Platform**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Build platform against which the test run should be reported.
For example, `x64` or `x86`. If you have defined a variable for the platform in your build task, use that here.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="configuration"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`configuration`** - **Configuration**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Build configuration against which the Test Run should be reported. For example, Debug or Release. If you have defined a variable for configuration in your build task, use that here.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="publishRunAttachments"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`publishRunAttachments`** - **Upload Test Attachments**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Opt in/out of publishing test run level attachments.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

[PublishestResults@2](publish-test-results-v2.md) is a newer version of this task that provides NUnit3 support and support for Minimatch files patterns.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  1.83.0 or greater |
| Task category | Test |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | All |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  1.83.0 or greater |
| Task category | Test |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
## See also

* [PublishestResults@2](publish-test-results-v2.md)
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/publish-test-results-v1.md, after:

---
title: PublishTestResults@1 - Publish test results v1 task
description: Publish test results to Azure Pipelines (task version 1).
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# PublishTestResults@1 - Publish test results v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Publish test results to Azure Pipelines.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Publish Test Results to VSTS/TFS.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# Publish test results v1
# Publish test results to Azure Pipelines.
- task: PublishTestResults@1
  inputs:
    testRunner: 'JUnit' # 'JUnit' | 'NUnit' | 'VSTest' | 'XUnit'. Required. Test Result Format. Default: 'JUnit'.
    testResultsFiles: '**/TEST-*.xml' # string. Required. Test Results Files. Default: '**/TEST-*.xml'.
    #mergeTestResults: false # boolean. Merge Test Results. Default: false.
    #testRunTitle: # string. Test Run Title. 
  # Advanced
    #platform: # string. Platform. 
    #configuration: # string. Configuration. 
    #publishRunAttachments: true # boolean. Upload Test Attachments. Default: true.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Publish Test Results v1
# Publish Test Results to VSTS/TFS.
- task: PublishTestResults@1
  inputs:
    testRunner: 'JUnit' # 'JUnit' | 'NUnit' | 'VSTest' | 'XUnit'. Required. Test Result Format. Default: 'JUnit'.
    testResultsFiles: '**/TEST-*.xml' # string. Required. Test Results Files. Default: '**/TEST-*.xml'.
    #mergeTestResults: false # boolean. Merge Test Results. Default: false.
    #testRunTitle: # string. Test Run Title. 
  # Advanced
    #platform: # string. Platform. 
    #configuration: # string. Configuration. 
    #publishRunAttachments: true # boolean. Upload Test Attachments. Default: true.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="testRunner"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`testRunner`** - **Test Result Format**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'JUnit', 'NUnit', 'VSTest', 'XUnit'. Default value: 'JUnit'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Format of test result files generated by your choice of test runner e.g. JUnit, VSTest, XUnit V2 and NUnit.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="testResultsFiles"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`testResultsFiles`** - **Test Results Files**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: '**/TEST-*.xml'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Test results files path.  Wildcards can be used.  For example, `**/TEST-*.xml` for all xml files whose name starts with TEST-.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="mergeTestResults"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`mergeTestResults`** - **Merge Test Results**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
To merge results from all test results files to one test run in Azure Pipelines, check this option. To create a test run for each test results file, uncheck this option.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="testRunTitle"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`testRunTitle`** - **Test Run Title**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Use this option to provide a name for the test run against which the results will be reported. Variable names declared in the build or release pipeline can be used.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="platform"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`platform`** - **Platform**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Build platform against which the test run should be reported.
For example, `x64` or `x86`. If you have defined a variable for the platform in your build task, use that here.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="configuration"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`configuration`** - **Configuration**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Build configuration against which the Test Run should be reported. For example, Debug or Release. If you have defined a variable for configuration in your build task, use that here.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="publishRunAttachments"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`publishRunAttachments`** - **Upload Test Attachments**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Opt in/out of publishing test run level attachments.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

[PublishestResults@2](publish-test-results-v2.md) is a newer version of this task that provides NUnit3 support and support for Minimatch files patterns.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  1.83.0 or greater |
| Task category | Test |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | All |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  1.83.0 or greater |
| Task category | Test |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
## See also

* [PublishestResults@2](publish-test-results-v2.md)
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
