task-reference/publish-to-azure-service-bus-v1.md, before:

---
title: PublishToAzureServiceBus@1 - Publish To Azure Service Bus v1 task
description: Sends a message to Azure Service Bus using a service connection (no agent is required).
ms.date: 08/18/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# PublishToAzureServiceBus@1 - Publish To Azure Service Bus v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Sends a message to Azure Service Bus using a service connection (no agent is required).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Sends a message to azure service bus using a service connection (no agent required).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# Publish To Azure Service Bus v1
# Sends a message to Azure Service Bus using a service connection (no agent is required).
- task: PublishToAzureServiceBus@1
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure Service Bus service connection. 
    #messageBody: # string. Message body. 
    waitForCompletion: false # boolean. Required. Wait for task completion. Default: false.
  # Advanced
    #sessionId: # string. Session Id. 
    signPayload: false # boolean. Required. Sign the Message. Default: false.
    #certificateString: # string. Required when signPayload = true. Certificate Variable. 
    #signatureKey: 'signature' # string. Optional. Use when signPayload = true. Signature Property Key. Default: 'signature'.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Publish To Azure Service Bus v1
# Sends a message to azure service bus using a service connection (no agent required).
- task: PublishToAzureServiceBus@1
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure Service Bus service connection. 
    #messageBody: # string. Message body. 
    waitForCompletion: false # boolean. Required. Wait for task completion. Default: false.
  # Signing Properties
    signPayload: false # boolean. Required. Sign the Message. Default: false.
    #certificateString: # string. Required when signPayload = true. Certificate Variable. 
    #signatureKey: 'signature' # string. Optional. Use when signPayload = true. Signature Property Key. Default: 'signature'.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="azureSubscription"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`azureSubscription`** - **Azure Service Bus service connection**<br>
Input alias: `connectedServiceName`. Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select an Azure Service Bus service connection.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`azureSubscription`** - **Azure service bus connection**<br>
Input alias: `connectedServiceName`. Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select an Azure Service Bus service connection.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="messageBody"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`messageBody`** - **Message body**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter the json messageBody.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="sessionId"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`sessionId`** - **Session Id**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Session id with which message is published. For session based queues, publishing fails if value not specified. For Non Session Based Queues, it will not matter.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="signPayload"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`signPayload`** - **Sign the Message**<br>
Type: boolean. Required. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If this is set to true, message will be signed provided a private certificate.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="certificateString"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`certificateString`** - **Certificate Variable**<br>
Type: string. Required when signPayload = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify the secret variable that contains the certificate content.  This can also be a certificate stored in an Azure key vault that is [linked](/azure/devops/pipelines/library/variable-groups#link-secrets-from-an-azure-key-vault-as-variables) to a Variable Group used by this release pipeline.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="signatureKey"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`signatureKey`** - **Signature Property Key**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when signPayload = true. Default value: 'signature'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Key where you want signature to be in Message Properties. If left Empty, default is 'signature' in message properties.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`signatureKey`** - **Signature Property Key**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when signPayload = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Key where you want signature to be in Message Properties. If left Empty, default is 'signature' in message properties.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="waitForCompletion"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`waitForCompletion`** - **Wait for task completion**<br>
Type: boolean. Required. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If this is true, this task will wait for TaskCompleted event for the specified task timeout.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Server |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Utility |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/publish-to-azure-service-bus-v1.md, after:

---
title: PublishToAzureServiceBus@1 - Publish To Azure Service Bus v1 task
description: Sends a message to Azure Service Bus using a service connection (no agent is required).
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# PublishToAzureServiceBus@1 - Publish To Azure Service Bus v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Sends a message to Azure Service Bus using a service connection (no agent is required).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Sends a message to azure service bus using a service connection (no agent required).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# Publish To Azure Service Bus v1
# Sends a message to Azure Service Bus using a service connection (no agent is required).
- task: PublishToAzureServiceBus@1
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure Service Bus service connection. 
    #messageBody: # string. Message body. 
    waitForCompletion: false # boolean. Required. Wait for task completion. Default: false.
  # Advanced
    #sessionId: # string. Session Id. 
    signPayload: false # boolean. Required. Sign the Message. Default: false.
    #certificateString: # string. Required when signPayload = true. Certificate Variable. 
    #signatureKey: 'signature' # string. Optional. Use when signPayload = true. Signature Property Key. Default: 'signature'.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Publish To Azure Service Bus v1
# Sends a message to azure service bus using a service connection (no agent required).
- task: PublishToAzureServiceBus@1
  inputs:
    azureSubscription: # string. Required. Azure Service Bus service connection. 
    #messageBody: # string. Message body. 
    waitForCompletion: false # boolean. Required. Wait for task completion. Default: false.
  # Signing Properties
    signPayload: false # boolean. Required. Sign the Message. Default: false.
    #certificateString: # string. Required when signPayload = true. Certificate Variable. 
    #signatureKey: 'signature' # string. Optional. Use when signPayload = true. Signature Property Key. Default: 'signature'.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="azureSubscription"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`azureSubscription`** - **Azure Service Bus service connection**<br>
Input alias: `connectedServiceName`. Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select an Azure Service Bus service connection.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`azureSubscription`** - **Azure service bus connection**<br>
Input alias: `connectedServiceName`. Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select an Azure Service Bus service connection.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="messageBody"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`messageBody`** - **Message body**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Enter the json messageBody.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="sessionId"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`sessionId`** - **Session Id**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Session id with which message is published. For session based queues, publishing fails if value not specified. For Non Session Based Queues, it will not matter.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="signPayload"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`signPayload`** - **Sign the Message**<br>
Type: boolean. Required. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If this is set to true, message will be signed provided a private certificate.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="certificateString"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`certificateString`** - **Certificate Variable**<br>
Type: string. Required when signPayload = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify the secret variable that contains the certificate content.  This can also be a certificate stored in an Azure key vault that is [linked](/azure/devops/pipelines/library/variable-groups#link-secrets-from-an-azure-key-vault-as-variables) to a Variable Group used by this release pipeline.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="signatureKey"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`signatureKey`** - **Signature Property Key**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when signPayload = true. Default value: 'signature'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Key where you want signature to be in Message Properties. If left Empty, default is 'signature' in message properties.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`signatureKey`** - **Signature Property Key**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when signPayload = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Key where you want signature to be in Message Properties. If left Empty, default is 'signature' in message properties.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="waitForCompletion"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`waitForCompletion`** - **Wait for task completion**<br>
Type: boolean. Required. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If this is true, this task will wait for TaskCompleted event for the specified task timeout.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Server |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Utility |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
