task-reference/py-pi-publisher-v0.md, before:

---
title: PyPIPublisher@0 - PyPI publisher v0 task
description: Create and upload an sdist or wheel to a PyPI-compatible index using Twine.
ms.date: 08/18/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# PyPIPublisher@0 - PyPI publisher v0 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Create and upload an sdist or wheel to a PyPI-compatible index using Twine.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# PyPI publisher v0
# Create and upload an sdist or wheel to a PyPI-compatible index using Twine.
- task: PyPIPublisher@0
  inputs:
    pypiConnection: # string. Required. PyPI service connection. 
    packageDirectory: # string. Required. Python package directory. 
    #alsoPublishWheel: false # boolean. Also publish a wheel. Default: false.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# PyPI Publisher v0
# Create and upload an sdist or wheel to a PyPI-compatible index using Twine.
- task: PyPIPublisher@0
  inputs:
    pypiConnection: # string. Required. PyPI service connection. 
    packageDirectory: # string. Required. Python package directory. 
    #alsoPublishWheel: false # boolean. Also publish a wheel. Default: false.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="pypiConnection"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`pypiConnection`** - **PyPI service connection**<br>
Input alias: `serviceEndpoint`. Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
A generic service connection for connecting to the package index.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="packageDirectory"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`packageDirectory`** - **Python package directory**<br>
Input alias: `wd`. Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The directory of the Python package to be created and published, where setup.py is present.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="alsoPublishWheel"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`alsoPublishWheel`** - **Also publish a wheel**<br>
Input alias: `wheel`. Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select whether to create and publish a universal wheel package (platform independent) in addition to an sdist package. [More information](https://packaging.python.org/tutorials/distributing-packages/#wheels).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="serviceEndpoint"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`serviceEndpoint`** - **PyPI connection**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the generic service endpoint where PyPI server details are present. 

Note: To configure a new generic service endpoint, under your VSTS project, go to Settings -> Services -> New Service Endpoint -> Generic. 

Connection Name – Use a friendly connection name of your choice. 
Server URL – PyPI package server (for example: https://upload.pypi.org/legacy/). 
User Name – PyPI registered username. 
Password – password for your PyPI account.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="wd"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`wd`** - **Python package path**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Python package directory to be published, where setup.py is present.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="wheel"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`wheel`** - **Upload wheel**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If checked, then task will additionally build and publish universal wheel (platform independent) of this package. For more information regarding universal wheel [see here](https://packaging.python.org/tutorials/distributing-packages/#wheels).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.0.0 or greater |
| Task category | Package |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.0.0 or greater |
| Task category | Utility |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/py-pi-publisher-v0.md, after:

---
title: PyPIPublisher@0 - PyPI publisher v0 task
description: Create and upload an sdist or wheel to a PyPI-compatible index using Twine.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# PyPIPublisher@0 - PyPI publisher v0 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Create and upload an sdist or wheel to a PyPI-compatible index using Twine.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# PyPI publisher v0
# Create and upload an sdist or wheel to a PyPI-compatible index using Twine.
- task: PyPIPublisher@0
  inputs:
    pypiConnection: # string. Required. PyPI service connection. 
    packageDirectory: # string. Required. Python package directory. 
    #alsoPublishWheel: false # boolean. Also publish a wheel. Default: false.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# PyPI Publisher v0
# Create and upload an sdist or wheel to a PyPI-compatible index using Twine.
- task: PyPIPublisher@0
  inputs:
    pypiConnection: # string. Required. PyPI service connection. 
    packageDirectory: # string. Required. Python package directory. 
    #alsoPublishWheel: false # boolean. Also publish a wheel. Default: false.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="pypiConnection"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`pypiConnection`** - **PyPI service connection**<br>
Input alias: `serviceEndpoint`. Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
A generic service connection for connecting to the package index.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="packageDirectory"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`packageDirectory`** - **Python package directory**<br>
Input alias: `wd`. Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The directory of the Python package to be created and published, where setup.py is present.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="alsoPublishWheel"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`alsoPublishWheel`** - **Also publish a wheel**<br>
Input alias: `wheel`. Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select whether to create and publish a universal wheel package (platform independent) in addition to an sdist package. [More information](https://packaging.python.org/tutorials/distributing-packages/#wheels).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="serviceEndpoint"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`serviceEndpoint`** - **PyPI connection**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the generic service endpoint where PyPI server details are present. 

Note: To configure a new generic service endpoint, under your VSTS project, go to Settings -> Services -> New Service Endpoint -> Generic. 

Connection Name – Use a friendly connection name of your choice. 
Server URL – PyPI package server (for example: https://upload.pypi.org/legacy/). 
User Name – PyPI registered username. 
Password – password for your PyPI account.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="wd"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`wd`** - **Python package path**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Python package directory to be published, where setup.py is present.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="wheel"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

**`wheel`** - **Upload wheel**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
If checked, then task will additionally build and publish universal wheel (platform independent) of this package. For more information regarding universal wheel [see here](https://packaging.python.org/tutorials/distributing-packages/#wheels).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.0.0 or greater |
| Task category | Package |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.0.0 or greater |
| Task category | Utility |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
