task-reference/query-work-items-v0.md, before:

---
title: queryWorkItems@0 - Query work items v0 task
description: Execute a work item query and check the number of items returned.
ms.date: 08/18/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# queryWorkItems@0 - Query work items v0 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Execute a work item query and check the number of items returned.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Executes a work item query and checks for the number of items returned.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# Query work items v0
# Execute a work item query and check the number of items returned.
- task: queryWorkItems@0
  inputs:
    queryId: # string. Required. Query. 
    maxThreshold: '0' # string. Required. Upper threshold. Default: '0'.
  # Advanced
    minThreshold: '0' # string. Required. Lower threshold. Default: '0'.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Query Work Items v0
# Executes a work item query and checks for the number of items returned.
- task: queryWorkItems@0
  inputs:
    queryId: # string. Required. Query. 
    maxThreshold: '0' # string. Required. Upper threshold. Default: '0'.
  # Advanced
    minThreshold: '0' # string. Required. Lower threshold. Default: '0'.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="queryId"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`queryId`** - **Query**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select a saved work item query to execute.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="maxThreshold"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`maxThreshold`** - **Upper threshold**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: '0'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The maximum number of matching workitems from the query.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="minThreshold"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`minThreshold`** - **Lower threshold**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: '0'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The minimum number of matching workitems from the query.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Server, ServerGate |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Utility |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/query-work-items-v0.md, after:

---
title: queryWorkItems@0 - Query work items v0 task
description: Execute a work item query and check the number of items returned.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# queryWorkItems@0 - Query work items v0 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Execute a work item query and check the number of items returned.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Executes a work item query and checks for the number of items returned.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# Query work items v0
# Execute a work item query and check the number of items returned.
- task: queryWorkItems@0
  inputs:
    queryId: # string. Required. Query. 
    maxThreshold: '0' # string. Required. Upper threshold. Default: '0'.
  # Advanced
    minThreshold: '0' # string. Required. Lower threshold. Default: '0'.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Query Work Items v0
# Executes a work item query and checks for the number of items returned.
- task: queryWorkItems@0
  inputs:
    queryId: # string. Required. Query. 
    maxThreshold: '0' # string. Required. Upper threshold. Default: '0'.
  # Advanced
    minThreshold: '0' # string. Required. Lower threshold. Default: '0'.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="queryId"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`queryId`** - **Query**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select a saved work item query to execute.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="maxThreshold"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`maxThreshold`** - **Upper threshold**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: '0'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The maximum number of matching workitems from the query.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="minThreshold"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`minThreshold`** - **Lower threshold**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: '0'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The minimum number of matching workitems from the query.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Server, ServerGate |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Utility |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
