task-reference/service-fabric-update-manifests-v2.md, before:

---
title: ServiceFabricUpdateManifests@2 - Update Service Fabric manifests v2 task
description: Automatically update portions of application and service manifests in a packaged Azure Service Fabric application.
ms.date: 08/18/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# ServiceFabricUpdateManifests@2 - Update Service Fabric manifests v2 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Automatically update portions of application and service manifests in a packaged Azure Service Fabric application.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Automatically updates portions of the application and service manifests within a packaged Service Fabric application.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# Update Service Fabric manifests v2
# Automatically update portions of application and service manifests in a packaged Azure Service Fabric application.
- task: ServiceFabricUpdateManifests@2
  inputs:
    updateType: 'Manifest versions' # 'Manifest versions' | 'Docker image settings'. Required. Update Type. Default: 'Manifest versions'.
    applicationPackagePath: # string. Required. Application Package. 
    #versionSuffix: '.$(Build.BuildNumber)' # string. Required when updateType = Manifest versions. Version Value. Default: '.$(Build.BuildNumber)'.
    #versionBehavior: 'Append' # 'Append' | 'Replace'. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions. Version Behavior. Default: 'Append'.
    #updateOnlyChanged: false # boolean. Required when updateType = Manifest versions. Update only if changed. Default: false.
    #pkgArtifactName: # string. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Package Artifact Name. 
    #logAllChanges: true # boolean. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Log all changes. Default: true.
    #compareType: 'LastSuccessful' # 'LastSuccessful' | 'Specific'. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Compare against. Default: 'LastSuccessful'.
    #buildNumber: # string. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && compareType = Specific. Build Number. 
    #overwriteExistingPkgArtifact: true # boolean. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Overwrite Existing Package Artifact. Default: true.
    #imageNamesPath: # string. Optional. Use when updateType = Docker image settings. Image Names Path. 
    #imageDigestsPath: # string. Required when updateType = Docker image settings. Image Digests Path.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Update Service Fabric Manifests v2
# Automatically updates portions of the application and service manifests within a packaged Service Fabric application.
- task: ServiceFabricUpdateManifests@2
  inputs:
    updateType: 'Manifest versions' # 'Manifest versions' | 'Docker image settings'. Required. Update Type. Default: 'Manifest versions'.
    applicationPackagePath: # string. Required. Application Package. 
    #versionSuffix: '.$(Build.BuildNumber)' # string. Required when updateType = Manifest versions. Version Value. Default: '.$(Build.BuildNumber)'.
    #versionBehavior: 'Append' # 'Append' | 'Replace'. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions. Version Behavior. Default: 'Append'.
    #updateOnlyChanged: false # boolean. Required when updateType = Manifest versions. Update only if changed. Default: false.
    #pkgArtifactName: # string. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Package Artifact Name. 
    #logAllChanges: true # boolean. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Log all changes. Default: true.
    #compareType: 'LastSuccessful' # 'LastSuccessful' | 'Specific'. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Compare against. Default: 'LastSuccessful'.
    #buildNumber: # string. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && compareType = Specific. Build Number. 
    #overwriteExistingPkgArtifact: true # boolean. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Overwrite Existing Package Artifact. Default: true.
    #imageNamesPath: # string. Optional. Use when updateType = Docker image settings. Image Names Path. 
    #imageDigestsPath: # string. Required when updateType = Docker image settings. Image Digests Path.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="updateType"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`updateType`** - **Update Type**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'Manifest versions', 'Docker image settings'. Default value: 'Manifest versions'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify the type of update that should be made to the manifest files. In order to use both update types, add an instance of this task to the build pipeline for each type of update to be executed.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="applicationPackagePath"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`applicationPackagePath`** - **Application Package**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Path to the application package. [Variables](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=550988) and wildcards can be used in the path.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="versionSuffix"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`versionSuffix`** - **Version Value**<br>
Type: string. Required when updateType = Manifest versions. Default value: '.$(Build.BuildNumber)'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The value used to specify the version in the manifest files. Default is .$(Build.BuildNumber).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="versionBehavior"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`versionBehavior`** - **Version Behavior**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions. Allowed values: 'Append', 'Replace'. Default value: 'Append'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify whether to append the version value to existing values in the manifest files or replace them.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="updateOnlyChanged"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`updateOnlyChanged`** - **Update only if changed**<br>
Type: boolean. Required when updateType = Manifest versions. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Incrementally update only the packages that have changed. Use the [deterministic compiler flag](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=808668) to ensure builds with the same inputs produce the same outputs.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="pkgArtifactName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`pkgArtifactName`** - **Package Artifact Name**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The name of the artifact containing the application package for comparison.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="logAllChanges"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`logAllChanges`** - **Log all changes**<br>
Type: boolean. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Default value: true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Compare all files in every package and log if the file was added, removed, or if its content changed. Otherwise, compare files in a package only until the first change is found for faster performance.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="compareType"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`compareType`** - **Compare against**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Allowed values: 'LastSuccessful', 'Specific'. Default value: 'LastSuccessful'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The build for comparison.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="buildNumber"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`buildNumber`** - **Build Number**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && compareType = Specific.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The build number for comparison.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="overwriteExistingPkgArtifact"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`overwriteExistingPkgArtifact`** - **Overwrite Existing Package Artifact**<br>
Type: boolean. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Default value: true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Always download a new copy of the artifact. Otherwise use an existing copy, if present.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="imageNamesPath"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`imageNamesPath`** - **Image Names Path**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when updateType = Docker image settings.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Path to a text file that contains the names of the Docker images associated with the Service Fabric application that should be updated with digests. Each image name must be on its own line and must be in the same order as the digests in Image Digests file. If the images are created by the Service Fabric project, this file is generated as part of the Package target and its output location is controlled by the property BuiltDockerImagesFilePath.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="imageDigestsPath"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`imageDigestsPath`** - **Image Digests Path**<br>
Type: string. Required when updateType = Docker image settings.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Path to a text file that contains the digest values of the Docker images associated with the Service Fabric application. This file can be output by the [Docker task](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=848006) when using the push action. The file should contain lines of text in the format of 'registry/image_name@digest_value'.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | Self-hosted agents must have [capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) that match the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) to run jobs that use this task: Cmd |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  1.95.0 or greater |
| Task category | Utility |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/service-fabric-update-manifests-v2.md, after:

---
title: ServiceFabricUpdateManifests@2 - Update Service Fabric manifests v2 task
description: Automatically update portions of application and service manifests in a packaged Azure Service Fabric application.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# ServiceFabricUpdateManifests@2 - Update Service Fabric manifests v2 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Automatically update portions of application and service manifests in a packaged Azure Service Fabric application.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Automatically updates portions of the application and service manifests within a packaged Service Fabric application.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# Update Service Fabric manifests v2
# Automatically update portions of application and service manifests in a packaged Azure Service Fabric application.
- task: ServiceFabricUpdateManifests@2
  inputs:
    updateType: 'Manifest versions' # 'Manifest versions' | 'Docker image settings'. Required. Update Type. Default: 'Manifest versions'.
    applicationPackagePath: # string. Required. Application Package. 
    #versionSuffix: '.$(Build.BuildNumber)' # string. Required when updateType = Manifest versions. Version Value. Default: '.$(Build.BuildNumber)'.
    #versionBehavior: 'Append' # 'Append' | 'Replace'. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions. Version Behavior. Default: 'Append'.
    #updateOnlyChanged: false # boolean. Required when updateType = Manifest versions. Update only if changed. Default: false.
    #pkgArtifactName: # string. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Package Artifact Name. 
    #logAllChanges: true # boolean. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Log all changes. Default: true.
    #compareType: 'LastSuccessful' # 'LastSuccessful' | 'Specific'. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Compare against. Default: 'LastSuccessful'.
    #buildNumber: # string. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && compareType = Specific. Build Number. 
    #overwriteExistingPkgArtifact: true # boolean. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Overwrite Existing Package Artifact. Default: true.
    #imageNamesPath: # string. Optional. Use when updateType = Docker image settings. Image Names Path. 
    #imageDigestsPath: # string. Required when updateType = Docker image settings. Image Digests Path.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Update Service Fabric Manifests v2
# Automatically updates portions of the application and service manifests within a packaged Service Fabric application.
- task: ServiceFabricUpdateManifests@2
  inputs:
    updateType: 'Manifest versions' # 'Manifest versions' | 'Docker image settings'. Required. Update Type. Default: 'Manifest versions'.
    applicationPackagePath: # string. Required. Application Package. 
    #versionSuffix: '.$(Build.BuildNumber)' # string. Required when updateType = Manifest versions. Version Value. Default: '.$(Build.BuildNumber)'.
    #versionBehavior: 'Append' # 'Append' | 'Replace'. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions. Version Behavior. Default: 'Append'.
    #updateOnlyChanged: false # boolean. Required when updateType = Manifest versions. Update only if changed. Default: false.
    #pkgArtifactName: # string. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Package Artifact Name. 
    #logAllChanges: true # boolean. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Log all changes. Default: true.
    #compareType: 'LastSuccessful' # 'LastSuccessful' | 'Specific'. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Compare against. Default: 'LastSuccessful'.
    #buildNumber: # string. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && compareType = Specific. Build Number. 
    #overwriteExistingPkgArtifact: true # boolean. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Overwrite Existing Package Artifact. Default: true.
    #imageNamesPath: # string. Optional. Use when updateType = Docker image settings. Image Names Path. 
    #imageDigestsPath: # string. Required when updateType = Docker image settings. Image Digests Path.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="updateType"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`updateType`** - **Update Type**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'Manifest versions', 'Docker image settings'. Default value: 'Manifest versions'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify the type of update that should be made to the manifest files. In order to use both update types, add an instance of this task to the build pipeline for each type of update to be executed.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="applicationPackagePath"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`applicationPackagePath`** - **Application Package**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Path to the application package. [Variables](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=550988) and wildcards can be used in the path.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="versionSuffix"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`versionSuffix`** - **Version Value**<br>
Type: string. Required when updateType = Manifest versions. Default value: '.$(Build.BuildNumber)'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The value used to specify the version in the manifest files. Default is .$(Build.BuildNumber).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="versionBehavior"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`versionBehavior`** - **Version Behavior**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions. Allowed values: 'Append', 'Replace'. Default value: 'Append'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify whether to append the version value to existing values in the manifest files or replace them.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="updateOnlyChanged"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`updateOnlyChanged`** - **Update only if changed**<br>
Type: boolean. Required when updateType = Manifest versions. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Incrementally update only the packages that have changed. Use the [deterministic compiler flag](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=808668) to ensure builds with the same inputs produce the same outputs.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="pkgArtifactName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`pkgArtifactName`** - **Package Artifact Name**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The name of the artifact containing the application package for comparison.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="logAllChanges"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`logAllChanges`** - **Log all changes**<br>
Type: boolean. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Default value: true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Compare all files in every package and log if the file was added, removed, or if its content changed. Otherwise, compare files in a package only until the first change is found for faster performance.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="compareType"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`compareType`** - **Compare against**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Allowed values: 'LastSuccessful', 'Specific'. Default value: 'LastSuccessful'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The build for comparison.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="buildNumber"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`buildNumber`** - **Build Number**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && compareType = Specific.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The build number for comparison.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="overwriteExistingPkgArtifact"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`overwriteExistingPkgArtifact`** - **Overwrite Existing Package Artifact**<br>
Type: boolean. Optional. Use when updateType = Manifest versions && updateOnlyChanged = true. Default value: true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Always download a new copy of the artifact. Otherwise use an existing copy, if present.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="imageNamesPath"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

**`imageNamesPath`** - **Image Names Path**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when updateType = Docker image settings.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Path to a text file that contains the names of the Docker images associated with the Service Fabric application that should be updated with digests. Each image name must be on its own line and must be in the same order as the digests in Image Digests file. If the images are created by the Service Fabric project, this file is generated as part of the Package target and its output location is controlled by the property BuiltDockerImagesFilePath.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="imageDigestsPath"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`imageDigestsPath`** - **Image Digests Path**<br>
Type: string. Required when updateType = Docker image settings.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Path to a text file that contains the digest values of the Docker images associated with the Service Fabric application. This file can be output by the [Docker task](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=848006) when using the push action. The file should contain lines of text in the format of 'registry/image_name@digest_value'.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | Self-hosted agents must have [capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) that match the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) to run jobs that use this task: Cmd |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  1.95.0 or greater |
| Task category | Utility |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
