task-reference/sonar-qube-prepare-v5.md, before:

---
title: SonarQubePrepare@5 - Prepare Analysis Configuration v5 task
description: Prepare SonarQube analysis configuration.
ms.date: 08/10/2022
monikerRange: "=azure-pipelines"
---

# SonarQubePrepare@5 - Prepare Analysis Configuration v5 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Prepare SonarQube analysis configuration.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

```yaml
# Prepare Analysis Configuration v5
# Prepare SonarQube analysis configuration.
- task: SonarQubePrepare@5
  inputs:
    SonarQube: # string. Required. SonarQube Server Endpoint. 
    scannerMode: 'MSBuild' # 'MSBuild' | 'Other' | 'CLI'. Required. Choose the way to run the analysis. Default: 'MSBuild'.
    #configMode: 'file' # 'file' | 'manual'. Required when scannerMode = CLI. Mode. Default: 'file'.
    #configFile: 'sonar-project.properties' # string. Optional. Use when scannerMode = CLI && configMode = file. Settings File. Default: 'sonar-project.properties'.
    #cliProjectKey: # string. Required when scannerMode = CLI && configMode = manual. Project Key. 
    projectKey: # string. Required when scannerMode = MSBuild. Project Key. 
    #cliProjectName: # string. Optional. Use when scannerMode = CLI && configMode = manual. Project Name. 
    #projectName: # string. Optional. Use when scannerMode = MSBuild. Project Name. 
    #cliProjectVersion: '1.0' # string. Optional. Use when scannerMode = CLI && configMode = manual. Project Version. Default: '1.0'.
    #projectVersion: '1.0' # string. Optional. Use when scannerMode = MSBuild. Project Version. Default: '1.0'.
    #cliSources: '.' # string. Required when scannerMode = CLI && configMode = manual. Sources directory root. Default: '.'.
  # Advanced
    #extraProperties: # string. Additional Properties.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="SonarQube"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`SonarQube`** - **SonarQube Server Endpoint**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the SonarQube server endpoint for your project. To create one, click the Manage link and create a new SonarQube Server Endpoint, enter your server url and token.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="scannerMode"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`scannerMode`** - **Choose the way to run the analysis**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'MSBuild', 'Other', 'CLI'. Default value: 'MSBuild'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
####MSBuild
* Put this task before your MSBuild task
* Add the 'Run Code Analysis' task after the MSBuild/VSTest tasks
####Maven/Gradle
* Put this task before the Maven/Gradle task
* Tick the 'Run SonarQube Analysis' checkbox in the Maven/Gradle task configuration.
####Others
For other cases you can use the standalone scanner (sonar-scanner) and set all configuration with this task, and then add the 'Run Code Analysis' task.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="configMode"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`configMode`** - **Mode**<br>
Type: string. Required when scannerMode = CLI. Allowed values: 'file', 'manual'. Default value: 'file'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Choose your preferred configuration method.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="configFile"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`configFile`** - **Settings File**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when scannerMode = CLI && configMode = file. Default value: 'sonar-project.properties'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
More information is available [here](http://redirect.sonarsource.com/doc/install-configure-scanner-tfs-ts.html).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="cliProjectKey"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`cliProjectKey`** - **Project Key**<br>
Type: string. Required when scannerMode = CLI && configMode = manual.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The SonarQube project unique key, i.e. `sonar.projectKey`.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="projectKey"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`projectKey`** - **Project Key**<br>
Type: string. Required when scannerMode = MSBuild.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The SonarQube project unique key, i.e. `sonar.projectKey`.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="cliProjectName"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`cliProjectName`** - **Project Name**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when scannerMode = CLI && configMode = manual.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The SonarQube project name, i.e. `sonar.projectName`.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="projectName"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`projectName`** - **Project Name**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when scannerMode = MSBuild.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The SonarQube project name, i.e. `sonar.projectName`.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="cliProjectVersion"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`cliProjectVersion`** - **Project Version**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when scannerMode = CLI && configMode = manual. Default value: '1.0'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The SonarQube project version, i.e. `sonar.projectVersion`.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="projectVersion"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`projectVersion`** - **Project Version**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when scannerMode = MSBuild. Default value: '1.0'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The SonarQube project version, i.e. `sonar.projectVersion`.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="cliSources"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`cliSources`** - **Sources directory root**<br>
Type: string. Required when scannerMode = CLI && configMode = manual. Default value: '.'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Path to the root directory containing source files. This value is set to the `sonar.sources` SonarQube property.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="extraProperties"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`extraProperties`** - **Additional Properties**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
[Additional properties](https://redirect.sonarsource.com/doc/analysis-parameters.html) to be passed to the scanner. Specify each key=value pair on a new line.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

* __Support non MSBuild projects:__ This task can be used to configure analysis also for non MSBuild projects.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.144.0 or greater |
| Task category | Build |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
## See also

* [SonarQube Azure DevOps Integration](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/azuredevops-integration/)
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/sonar-qube-prepare-v5.md, after:

---
title: SonarQubePrepare@5 - Prepare Analysis Configuration v5 task
description: Prepare SonarQube analysis configuration.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "=azure-pipelines"
---

# SonarQubePrepare@5 - Prepare Analysis Configuration v5 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Prepare SonarQube analysis configuration.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

```yaml
# Prepare Analysis Configuration v5
# Prepare SonarQube analysis configuration.
- task: SonarQubePrepare@5
  inputs:
    SonarQube: # string. Required. SonarQube Server Endpoint. 
    scannerMode: 'MSBuild' # 'MSBuild' | 'Other' | 'CLI'. Required. Choose the way to run the analysis. Default: 'MSBuild'.
    #configMode: 'file' # 'file' | 'manual'. Required when scannerMode = CLI. Mode. Default: 'file'.
    #configFile: 'sonar-project.properties' # string. Optional. Use when scannerMode = CLI && configMode = file. Settings File. Default: 'sonar-project.properties'.
    #cliProjectKey: # string. Required when scannerMode = CLI && configMode = manual. Project Key. 
    projectKey: # string. Required when scannerMode = MSBuild. Project Key. 
    #cliProjectName: # string. Optional. Use when scannerMode = CLI && configMode = manual. Project Name. 
    #projectName: # string. Optional. Use when scannerMode = MSBuild. Project Name. 
    #cliProjectVersion: '1.0' # string. Optional. Use when scannerMode = CLI && configMode = manual. Project Version. Default: '1.0'.
    #projectVersion: '1.0' # string. Optional. Use when scannerMode = MSBuild. Project Version. Default: '1.0'.
    #cliSources: '.' # string. Required when scannerMode = CLI && configMode = manual. Sources directory root. Default: '.'.
  # Advanced
    #extraProperties: # string. Additional Properties.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="SonarQube"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`SonarQube`** - **SonarQube Server Endpoint**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the SonarQube server endpoint for your project. To create one, click the Manage link and create a new SonarQube Server Endpoint, enter your server url and token.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="scannerMode"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`scannerMode`** - **Choose the way to run the analysis**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'MSBuild', 'Other', 'CLI'. Default value: 'MSBuild'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
####MSBuild
* Put this task before your MSBuild task
* Add the 'Run Code Analysis' task after the MSBuild/VSTest tasks
####Maven/Gradle
* Put this task before the Maven/Gradle task
* Tick the 'Run SonarQube Analysis' checkbox in the Maven/Gradle task configuration.
####Others
For other cases you can use the standalone scanner (sonar-scanner) and set all configuration with this task, and then add the 'Run Code Analysis' task.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="configMode"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`configMode`** - **Mode**<br>
Type: string. Required when scannerMode = CLI. Allowed values: 'file', 'manual'. Default value: 'file'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Choose your preferred configuration method.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="configFile"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`configFile`** - **Settings File**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when scannerMode = CLI && configMode = file. Default value: 'sonar-project.properties'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
More information is available [here](http://redirect.sonarsource.com/doc/install-configure-scanner-tfs-ts.html).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="cliProjectKey"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`cliProjectKey`** - **Project Key**<br>
Type: string. Required when scannerMode = CLI && configMode = manual.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The SonarQube project unique key, i.e. `sonar.projectKey`.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="projectKey"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`projectKey`** - **Project Key**<br>
Type: string. Required when scannerMode = MSBuild.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The SonarQube project unique key, i.e. `sonar.projectKey`.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="cliProjectName"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`cliProjectName`** - **Project Name**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when scannerMode = CLI && configMode = manual.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The SonarQube project name, i.e. `sonar.projectName`.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="projectName"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`projectName`** - **Project Name**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when scannerMode = MSBuild.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The SonarQube project name, i.e. `sonar.projectName`.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="cliProjectVersion"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`cliProjectVersion`** - **Project Version**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when scannerMode = CLI && configMode = manual. Default value: '1.0'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The SonarQube project version, i.e. `sonar.projectVersion`.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="projectVersion"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`projectVersion`** - **Project Version**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when scannerMode = MSBuild. Default value: '1.0'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
The SonarQube project version, i.e. `sonar.projectVersion`.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="cliSources"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`cliSources`** - **Sources directory root**<br>
Type: string. Required when scannerMode = CLI && configMode = manual. Default value: '.'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Path to the root directory containing source files. This value is set to the `sonar.sources` SonarQube property.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="extraProperties"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`extraProperties`** - **Additional Properties**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
[Additional properties](https://redirect.sonarsource.com/doc/analysis-parameters.html) to be passed to the scanner. Specify each key=value pair on a new line.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
## Remarks

* __Support non MSBuild projects:__ This task can be used to configure analysis also for non MSBuild projects.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.144.0 or greater |
| Task category | Build |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
## See also

* [SonarQube Azure DevOps Integration](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/azuredevops-integration/)
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
