task-reference/sonar-qube-publish-v5.md, before:

---
title: SonarQubePublish@5 - Publish Quality Gate Result v5 task
description: Publish SonarQube's Quality Gate result on the Azure DevOps build result, to be used after the actual analysis.
ms.date: 08/10/2022
monikerRange: "=azure-pipelines"
---

# SonarQubePublish@5 - Publish Quality Gate Result v5 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Publish SonarQube's Quality Gate result on the Azure DevOps build result, to be used after the actual analysis.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

```yaml
# Publish Quality Gate Result v5
# Publish SonarQube's Quality Gate result on the Azure DevOps build result, to be used after the actual analysis.
- task: SonarQubePublish@5
  inputs:
    pollingTimeoutSec: '300' # string. Required. Timeout (s). Default: '300'.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="pollingTimeoutSec"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`pollingTimeoutSec`** - **Timeout (s)**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: '300'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
This task will poll SonarQube until the analysis is completed, or until the timeout is reached. It also add a build property with the quality gate status of the current build(s) analyses.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.144.0 or greater |
| Task category | Build |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
## See also

* [SonarQube Azure DevOps Integration](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/azuredevops-integration/)
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/sonar-qube-publish-v5.md, after:

---
title: SonarQubePublish@5 - Publish Quality Gate Result v5 task
description: Publish SonarQube's Quality Gate result on the Azure DevOps build result, to be used after the actual analysis.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "=azure-pipelines"
---

# SonarQubePublish@5 - Publish Quality Gate Result v5 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Publish SonarQube's Quality Gate result on the Azure DevOps build result, to be used after the actual analysis.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

```yaml
# Publish Quality Gate Result v5
# Publish SonarQube's Quality Gate result on the Azure DevOps build result, to be used after the actual analysis.
- task: SonarQubePublish@5
  inputs:
    pollingTimeoutSec: '300' # string. Required. Timeout (s). Default: '300'.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="pollingTimeoutSec"::: -->
:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

**`pollingTimeoutSec`** - **Timeout (s)**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: '300'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
This task will poll SonarQube until the analysis is completed, or until the timeout is reached. It also add a build property with the quality gate status of the current build(s) analyses.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.144.0 or greater |
| Task category | Build |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
## See also

* [SonarQube Azure DevOps Integration](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/azuredevops-integration/)
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
