task-reference/sql-dacpac-deployment-on-machine-group-v0.md, before:

---
title: SqlDacpacDeploymentOnMachineGroup@0 - SQL Server database deploy v0 task
description: Deploy a SQL Server database using DACPAC or SQL scripts.
ms.date: 08/18/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# SqlDacpacDeploymentOnMachineGroup@0 - SQL Server database deploy v0 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Deploy a SQL Server database using DACPAC or SQL scripts.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Deploy to SQL Server Database using DACPAC or SQL scripts.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# SQL Server database deploy v0
# Deploy a SQL Server database using DACPAC or SQL scripts.
- task: SqlDacpacDeploymentOnMachineGroup@0
  inputs:
    TaskType: 'dacpac' # 'dacpac' | 'sqlQuery' | 'sqlInline'. Required. Deploy SQL Using. Default: 'dacpac'.
    DacpacFile: # string. Required when TaskType = dacpac. DACPAC File. 
    #SqlFile: # string. Required when TaskType = sqlQuery. Sql File. 
    #ExecuteInTransaction: false # boolean. Optional. Use when TaskType = sqlQuery. Execute within a transaction. Default: false.
    #ExclusiveLock: false # boolean. Optional. Use when ExecuteInTransaction = true. Acquire an exclusive app lock while executing script(s). Default: false.
    #AppLockName: # string. Required when ExclusiveLock = true. App lock name. 
    #InlineSql: # string. Required when TaskType = sqlInline. Inline Sql. 
    TargetMethod: 'server' # 'server' | 'connectionString' | 'publishProfile'. Required when TaskType = dacpac. Specify SQL Using. Default: 'server'.
    #ServerName: 'localhost' # string. Required when TargetMethod = server || TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline. Server Name. Default: 'localhost'.
    #DatabaseName: # string. Required when TargetMethod = server || TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline. Database Name. 
    #AuthScheme: 'windowsAuthentication' # 'windowsAuthentication' | 'sqlServerAuthentication'. Required when TargetMethod = server || TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline. Authentication. Default: 'windowsAuthentication'.
    #SqlUsername: # string. Required when AuthScheme = sqlServerAuthentication. SQL User name. 
    #SqlPassword: # string. Required when AuthScheme = sqlServerAuthentication. SQL Password. 
    #ConnectionString: # string. Required when TargetMethod = connectionString. Connection String. 
    #PublishProfile: # string. Optional. Use when TaskType = dacpac. Publish Profile. 
    #AdditionalArguments: # string. Optional. Use when TaskType = dacpac. Additional Arguments. 
    #AdditionalArgumentsSql: # string. Optional. Use when TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline. Additional Arguments.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# SQL Server Database Deploy v0
# Deploy to SQL Server Database using DACPAC or SQL scripts.
- task: SqlDacpacDeploymentOnMachineGroup@0
  inputs:
    TaskType: 'dacpac' # 'dacpac' | 'sqlQuery' | 'sqlInline'. Required. Deploy SQL Using. Default: 'dacpac'.
    DacpacFile: # string. Required when TaskType = dacpac. DACPAC File. 
    #SqlFile: # string. Required when TaskType = sqlQuery. Sql File. 
    #ExecuteInTransaction: false # boolean. Optional. Use when TaskType = sqlQuery. Execute within a transaction. Default: false.
    #ExclusiveLock: false # boolean. Optional. Use when ExecuteInTransaction = true. Acquire an exclusive app lock while executing script(s). Default: false.
    #AppLockName: # string. Required when ExclusiveLock = true. App lock name. 
    #InlineSql: # string. Required when TaskType = sqlInline. Inline Sql. 
    TargetMethod: 'server' # 'server' | 'connectionString' | 'publishProfile'. Required when TaskType = dacpac. Specify SQL Using. Default: 'server'.
    #ServerName: 'localhost' # string. Required when TargetMethod = server || TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline. Server Name. Default: 'localhost'.
    #DatabaseName: # string. Required when TargetMethod = server || TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline. Database Name. 
    #AuthScheme: 'windowsAuthentication' # 'windowsAuthentication' | 'sqlServerAuthentication'. Required when TargetMethod = server || TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline. Authentication. Default: 'windowsAuthentication'.
    #SqlUsername: # string. Required when AuthScheme = sqlServerAuthentication. SQL User name. 
    #SqlPassword: # string. Required when AuthScheme = sqlServerAuthentication. SQL Password. 
    #ConnectionString: # string. Required when TargetMethod = connectionString. Connection String. 
    #PublishProfile: # string. Optional. Use when TaskType = dacpac. Publish Profile. 
    #AdditionalArguments: # string. Optional. Use when TaskType = dacpac. Additional Arguments. 
    #AdditionalArgumentsSql: # string. Optional. Use when TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline. Additional Arguments.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="TaskType"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`TaskType`** - **Deploy SQL Using**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'dacpac', 'sqlQuery', 'sqlInline'. Default value: 'dacpac'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify the way in which you want to deploy DB, either by using Dacpac or by using Sql Script.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="DacpacFile"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`DacpacFile`** - **DACPAC File**<br>
Type: string. Required when TaskType = dacpac.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Location of the DACPAC file on the target machines or on a UNC path like, \\\\BudgetIT\Web\Deploy\FabrikamDB.dacpac. The UNC path should be accessible to the machine's administrator account. Environment variables are also supported, like $env:windir, $env:systemroot, $env:windir\FabrikamFibre\DB. Wildcards can be used. For example, `**/*.dacpac` for DACPAC file present in all sub folders.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="SqlFile"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`SqlFile`** - **Sql File**<br>
Type: string. Required when TaskType = sqlQuery.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Location of the SQL file on the target. Provide semi-colon separated list of SQL script files to execute multiple files. The SQL scripts will be executed in the order given. Location can also be a UNC path like, \\\\BudgetIT\Web\Deploy\FabrikamDB.sql. The UNC path should be accessible to the machine's administrator account. Environment variables are also supported, like $env:windir, $env:systemroot, $env:windir\FabrikamFibre\DB. Wildcards can be used. For example, `**/*.sql` for sql file present in all sub folders.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ExecuteInTransaction"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`ExecuteInTransaction`** - **Execute within a transaction**<br>
Type: boolean. Optional. Use when TaskType = sqlQuery. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Executes SQL script(s) within a transaction.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ExclusiveLock"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`ExclusiveLock`** - **Acquire an exclusive app lock while executing script(s)**<br>
Type: boolean. Optional. Use when ExecuteInTransaction = true. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Acquires an exclusive app lock while executing script(s).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="AppLockName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`AppLockName`** - **App lock name**<br>
Type: string. Required when ExclusiveLock = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
App lock name.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="InlineSql"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`InlineSql`** - **Inline Sql**<br>
Type: string. Required when TaskType = sqlInline.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Sql Queries inline.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="TargetMethod"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`TargetMethod`** - **Specify SQL Using**<br>
Type: string. Required when TaskType = dacpac. Allowed values: 'server', 'connectionString', 'publishProfile'. Default value: 'server'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify the option to connect to the target SQL Server Database. The options are either to provide the SQL Server Database details, or the SQL Server connection string, or the Publish profile XML file.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ServerName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`ServerName`** - **Server Name**<br>
Type: string. Required when TargetMethod = server || TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline. Default value: 'localhost'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Provide the SQL Server name like, machinename\FabriakmSQL,1433 or localhost or .\SQL2012R2. Specifying localhost will connect to the Default SQL Server instance on the machine.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="DatabaseName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`DatabaseName`** - **Database Name**<br>
Type: string. Required when TargetMethod = server || TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Provide the name of the SQL Server database.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="AuthScheme"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`AuthScheme`** - **Authentication**<br>
Type: string. Required when TargetMethod = server || TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline. Allowed values: 'windowsAuthentication', 'sqlServerAuthentication'. Default value: 'windowsAuthentication'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the authentication mode for connecting to the SQL Server. In Windows authentication mode, the account used to configure deployment agent, is used to connect to the SQL Server. In SQL Server Authentication mode, the SQL login and Password have to be provided in the parameters below.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="SqlUsername"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`SqlUsername`** - **SQL User name**<br>
Type: string. Required when AuthScheme = sqlServerAuthentication.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Provide the SQL login to connect to the SQL Server. The option is only available if SQL Server Authentication mode has been selected.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="SqlPassword"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`SqlPassword`** - **SQL Password**<br>
Type: string. Required when AuthScheme = sqlServerAuthentication.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Provide the Password of the SQL login. The option is only available if SQL Server Authentication mode has been selected.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ConnectionString"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`ConnectionString`** - **Connection String**<br>
Type: string. Required when TargetMethod = connectionString.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify the SQL Server connection string like "Server=localhost;Database=Fabrikam;User ID=AccountPlaceholder;Password=PasswordPlaceholder;".
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="PublishProfile"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`PublishProfile`** - **Publish Profile**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when TaskType = dacpac.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Publish profile provide fine-grained control over SQL Server database deployments. Specify the path to the Publish profile XML file on the target machine or on a UNC share that is accessible by the machine administrator's credentials.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="AdditionalArguments"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`AdditionalArguments`** - **Additional Arguments**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when TaskType = dacpac.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Additional SqlPackage.exe arguments that will be applied when deploying the SQL Server database like, /p:IgnoreAnsiNulls=True /p:IgnoreComments=True. These arguments will override the settings in the Publish profile XML file (if provided).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="AdditionalArgumentsSql"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`AdditionalArgumentsSql`** - **Additional Arguments**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Additional Invoke-Sqlcmd arguments that will be applied when deploying the SQL Server database.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  1.102.0 or greater |
| Task category | Deploy |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | Classic release |
| Runs on | DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  1.102.0 or greater |
| Task category | Deploy |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/sql-dacpac-deployment-on-machine-group-v0.md, after:

---
title: SqlDacpacDeploymentOnMachineGroup@0 - SQL Server database deploy v0 task
description: Deploy a SQL Server database using DACPAC or SQL scripts.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# SqlDacpacDeploymentOnMachineGroup@0 - SQL Server database deploy v0 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Deploy a SQL Server database using DACPAC or SQL scripts.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Deploy to SQL Server Database using DACPAC or SQL scripts.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

```yaml
# SQL Server database deploy v0
# Deploy a SQL Server database using DACPAC or SQL scripts.
- task: SqlDacpacDeploymentOnMachineGroup@0
  inputs:
    TaskType: 'dacpac' # 'dacpac' | 'sqlQuery' | 'sqlInline'. Required. Deploy SQL Using. Default: 'dacpac'.
    DacpacFile: # string. Required when TaskType = dacpac. DACPAC File. 
    #SqlFile: # string. Required when TaskType = sqlQuery. Sql File. 
    #ExecuteInTransaction: false # boolean. Optional. Use when TaskType = sqlQuery. Execute within a transaction. Default: false.
    #ExclusiveLock: false # boolean. Optional. Use when ExecuteInTransaction = true. Acquire an exclusive app lock while executing script(s). Default: false.
    #AppLockName: # string. Required when ExclusiveLock = true. App lock name. 
    #InlineSql: # string. Required when TaskType = sqlInline. Inline Sql. 
    TargetMethod: 'server' # 'server' | 'connectionString' | 'publishProfile'. Required when TaskType = dacpac. Specify SQL Using. Default: 'server'.
    #ServerName: 'localhost' # string. Required when TargetMethod = server || TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline. Server Name. Default: 'localhost'.
    #DatabaseName: # string. Required when TargetMethod = server || TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline. Database Name. 
    #AuthScheme: 'windowsAuthentication' # 'windowsAuthentication' | 'sqlServerAuthentication'. Required when TargetMethod = server || TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline. Authentication. Default: 'windowsAuthentication'.
    #SqlUsername: # string. Required when AuthScheme = sqlServerAuthentication. SQL User name. 
    #SqlPassword: # string. Required when AuthScheme = sqlServerAuthentication. SQL Password. 
    #ConnectionString: # string. Required when TargetMethod = connectionString. Connection String. 
    #PublishProfile: # string. Optional. Use when TaskType = dacpac. Publish Profile. 
    #AdditionalArguments: # string. Optional. Use when TaskType = dacpac. Additional Arguments. 
    #AdditionalArgumentsSql: # string. Optional. Use when TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline. Additional Arguments.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# SQL Server Database Deploy v0
# Deploy to SQL Server Database using DACPAC or SQL scripts.
- task: SqlDacpacDeploymentOnMachineGroup@0
  inputs:
    TaskType: 'dacpac' # 'dacpac' | 'sqlQuery' | 'sqlInline'. Required. Deploy SQL Using. Default: 'dacpac'.
    DacpacFile: # string. Required when TaskType = dacpac. DACPAC File. 
    #SqlFile: # string. Required when TaskType = sqlQuery. Sql File. 
    #ExecuteInTransaction: false # boolean. Optional. Use when TaskType = sqlQuery. Execute within a transaction. Default: false.
    #ExclusiveLock: false # boolean. Optional. Use when ExecuteInTransaction = true. Acquire an exclusive app lock while executing script(s). Default: false.
    #AppLockName: # string. Required when ExclusiveLock = true. App lock name. 
    #InlineSql: # string. Required when TaskType = sqlInline. Inline Sql. 
    TargetMethod: 'server' # 'server' | 'connectionString' | 'publishProfile'. Required when TaskType = dacpac. Specify SQL Using. Default: 'server'.
    #ServerName: 'localhost' # string. Required when TargetMethod = server || TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline. Server Name. Default: 'localhost'.
    #DatabaseName: # string. Required when TargetMethod = server || TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline. Database Name. 
    #AuthScheme: 'windowsAuthentication' # 'windowsAuthentication' | 'sqlServerAuthentication'. Required when TargetMethod = server || TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline. Authentication. Default: 'windowsAuthentication'.
    #SqlUsername: # string. Required when AuthScheme = sqlServerAuthentication. SQL User name. 
    #SqlPassword: # string. Required when AuthScheme = sqlServerAuthentication. SQL Password. 
    #ConnectionString: # string. Required when TargetMethod = connectionString. Connection String. 
    #PublishProfile: # string. Optional. Use when TaskType = dacpac. Publish Profile. 
    #AdditionalArguments: # string. Optional. Use when TaskType = dacpac. Additional Arguments. 
    #AdditionalArgumentsSql: # string. Optional. Use when TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline. Additional Arguments.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="TaskType"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`TaskType`** - **Deploy SQL Using**<br>
Type: string. Required. Allowed values: 'dacpac', 'sqlQuery', 'sqlInline'. Default value: 'dacpac'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify the way in which you want to deploy DB, either by using Dacpac or by using Sql Script.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="DacpacFile"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`DacpacFile`** - **DACPAC File**<br>
Type: string. Required when TaskType = dacpac.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Location of the DACPAC file on the target machines or on a UNC path like, \\\\BudgetIT\Web\Deploy\FabrikamDB.dacpac. The UNC path should be accessible to the machine's administrator account. Environment variables are also supported, like $env:windir, $env:systemroot, $env:windir\FabrikamFibre\DB. Wildcards can be used. For example, `**/*.dacpac` for DACPAC file present in all sub folders.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="SqlFile"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`SqlFile`** - **Sql File**<br>
Type: string. Required when TaskType = sqlQuery.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Location of the SQL file on the target. Provide semi-colon separated list of SQL script files to execute multiple files. The SQL scripts will be executed in the order given. Location can also be a UNC path like, \\\\BudgetIT\Web\Deploy\FabrikamDB.sql. The UNC path should be accessible to the machine's administrator account. Environment variables are also supported, like $env:windir, $env:systemroot, $env:windir\FabrikamFibre\DB. Wildcards can be used. For example, `**/*.sql` for sql file present in all sub folders.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ExecuteInTransaction"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`ExecuteInTransaction`** - **Execute within a transaction**<br>
Type: boolean. Optional. Use when TaskType = sqlQuery. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Executes SQL script(s) within a transaction.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ExclusiveLock"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`ExclusiveLock`** - **Acquire an exclusive app lock while executing script(s)**<br>
Type: boolean. Optional. Use when ExecuteInTransaction = true. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Acquires an exclusive app lock while executing script(s).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="AppLockName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`AppLockName`** - **App lock name**<br>
Type: string. Required when ExclusiveLock = true.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
App lock name.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="InlineSql"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`InlineSql`** - **Inline Sql**<br>
Type: string. Required when TaskType = sqlInline.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Sql Queries inline.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="TargetMethod"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`TargetMethod`** - **Specify SQL Using**<br>
Type: string. Required when TaskType = dacpac. Allowed values: 'server', 'connectionString', 'publishProfile'. Default value: 'server'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify the option to connect to the target SQL Server Database. The options are either to provide the SQL Server Database details, or the SQL Server connection string, or the Publish profile XML file.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ServerName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`ServerName`** - **Server Name**<br>
Type: string. Required when TargetMethod = server || TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline. Default value: 'localhost'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Provide the SQL Server name like, machinename\FabriakmSQL,1433 or localhost or .\SQL2012R2. Specifying localhost will connect to the Default SQL Server instance on the machine.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="DatabaseName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`DatabaseName`** - **Database Name**<br>
Type: string. Required when TargetMethod = server || TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Provide the name of the SQL Server database.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="AuthScheme"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`AuthScheme`** - **Authentication**<br>
Type: string. Required when TargetMethod = server || TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline. Allowed values: 'windowsAuthentication', 'sqlServerAuthentication'. Default value: 'windowsAuthentication'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select the authentication mode for connecting to the SQL Server. In Windows authentication mode, the account used to configure deployment agent, is used to connect to the SQL Server. In SQL Server Authentication mode, the SQL login and Password have to be provided in the parameters below.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="SqlUsername"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`SqlUsername`** - **SQL User name**<br>
Type: string. Required when AuthScheme = sqlServerAuthentication.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Provide the SQL login to connect to the SQL Server. The option is only available if SQL Server Authentication mode has been selected.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="SqlPassword"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`SqlPassword`** - **SQL Password**<br>
Type: string. Required when AuthScheme = sqlServerAuthentication.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Provide the Password of the SQL login. The option is only available if SQL Server Authentication mode has been selected.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ConnectionString"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`ConnectionString`** - **Connection String**<br>
Type: string. Required when TargetMethod = connectionString.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Specify the SQL Server connection string like "Server=localhost;Database=Fabrikam;User ID=AccountPlaceholder;Password=PasswordPlaceholder;".
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="PublishProfile"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`PublishProfile`** - **Publish Profile**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when TaskType = dacpac.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Publish profile provide fine-grained control over SQL Server database deployments. Specify the path to the Publish profile XML file on the target machine or on a UNC share that is accessible by the machine administrator's credentials.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="AdditionalArguments"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`AdditionalArguments`** - **Additional Arguments**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when TaskType = dacpac.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Additional SqlPackage.exe arguments that will be applied when deploying the SQL Server database like, /p:IgnoreAnsiNulls=True /p:IgnoreComments=True. These arguments will override the settings in the Publish profile XML file (if provided).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="AdditionalArgumentsSql"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`AdditionalArgumentsSql`** - **Additional Arguments**<br>
Type: string. Optional. Use when TaskType = sqlQuery || TaskType = sqlInline.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Additional Invoke-Sqlcmd arguments that will be applied when deploying the SQL Server database.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  1.102.0 or greater |
| Task category | Deploy |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | Classic release |
| Runs on | DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  1.102.0 or greater |
| Task category | Deploy |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
