task-reference/twine-authenticate-v1.md, before:

---
title: TwineAuthenticate@1 - Python twine upload authenticate v1 task
description: Authenticate for uploading Python distributions using twine. Add '-r FeedName/EndpointName --config-file $(PYPIRC_PATH)' to your twine upload command. For feeds present in this organization, use the feed name as the repository (-r). Otherwise, use the endpoint name defined in the service connection.
ms.date: 08/10/2022
monikerRange: ">=azure-pipelines-2020"
---

# TwineAuthenticate@1 - Python twine upload authenticate v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Authenticate for uploading Python distributions using twine. Add '-r FeedName/EndpointName --config-file $(PYPIRC_PATH)' to your twine upload command. For feeds present in this organization, use the feed name as the repository (-r). Otherwise, use the endpoint name defined in the service connection.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

```yaml
# Python twine upload authenticate v1
# Authenticate for uploading Python distributions using twine. Add '-r FeedName/EndpointName --config-file $(PYPIRC_PATH)' to your twine upload command. For feeds present in this organization, use the feed name as the repository (-r). Otherwise, use the endpoint name defined in the service connection.
- task: TwineAuthenticate@1
  inputs:
  # Feeds and Authentication
    #artifactFeed: # string. My feed (select below). 
    #pythonUploadServiceConnection: # string. Feed from external organizations.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="artifactFeed"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

**`artifactFeed`** - **My feed (select below)**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select a feed to authenticate present in this organization.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="pythonUploadServiceConnection"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

**`pythonUploadServiceConnection`** - **Feed from external organizations**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select an endpoint to authenticate outside this organization. Make sure the endpoint has package upload permissions.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.120.0 or greater |
| Task category | Package |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/twine-authenticate-v1.md, after:

---
title: TwineAuthenticate@1 - Python twine upload authenticate v1 task
description: Authenticate for uploading Python distributions using twine. Add '-r FeedName/EndpointName --config-file $(PYPIRC_PATH)' to your twine upload command. For feeds present in this organization, use the feed name as the repository (-r). Otherwise, use the endpoint name defined in the service connection.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: ">=azure-pipelines-2020"
---

# TwineAuthenticate@1 - Python twine upload authenticate v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Authenticate for uploading Python distributions using twine. Add '-r FeedName/EndpointName --config-file $(PYPIRC_PATH)' to your twine upload command. For feeds present in this organization, use the feed name as the repository (-r). Otherwise, use the endpoint name defined in the service connection.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

```yaml
# Python twine upload authenticate v1
# Authenticate for uploading Python distributions using twine. Add '-r FeedName/EndpointName --config-file $(PYPIRC_PATH)' to your twine upload command. For feeds present in this organization, use the feed name as the repository (-r). Otherwise, use the endpoint name defined in the service connection.
- task: TwineAuthenticate@1
  inputs:
  # Feeds and Authentication
    #artifactFeed: # string. My feed (select below). 
    #pythonUploadServiceConnection: # string. Feed from external organizations.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="artifactFeed"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

**`artifactFeed`** - **My feed (select below)**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select a feed to authenticate present in this organization.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="pythonUploadServiceConnection"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

**`pythonUploadServiceConnection`** - **Feed from external organizations**<br>
Type: string.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Select an endpoint to authenticate outside this organization. Make sure the endpoint has package upload permissions.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.120.0 or greater |
| Task category | Package |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
