task-reference/use-node-v1.md, before:

---
title: UseNode@1 - Use Node.js ecosystem v1 task
description: Set up a Node.js environment and add it to the PATH, additionally providing proxy support.
ms.date: 08/10/2022
monikerRange: ">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"
---

# UseNode@1 - Use Node.js ecosystem v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Set up a Node.js environment and add it to the PATH, additionally providing proxy support.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

```yaml
# Use Node.js ecosystem v1
# Set up a Node.js environment and add it to the PATH, additionally providing proxy support.
- task: UseNode@1
  inputs:
    #version: '10.x' # string. Version. Default: '10.x'.
    #checkLatest: false # boolean. Check for Latest Version. Default: false.
    #force32bit: false # boolean. Use 32 bit version on x64 agents. Default: false.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1 <=azure-pipelines-2020"

```yaml
# Use Node.js ecosystem v1
# Set up a Node.js environment and add it to the PATH, additionally providing proxy support.
- task: UseNode@1
  inputs:
    #version: '10.x' # string. Version. Default: '10.x'.
    #checkLatest: false # boolean. Check for Latest Version. Default: false.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="version"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`version`** - **Version**<br>
Type: string. Default value: '10.x'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Version Spec of the version to use.  Examples: 10.x, 10.15.1, >=10.15.0.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="checkLatest"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`checkLatest`** - **Check for Latest Version**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Always checks online for the latest available version that satisfies the version spec. This is typically false unless you have a specific scenario to always get latest. This will cause it to incur download costs when potentially not necessary, especially with the hosted build pool.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="force32bit"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

**`force32bit`** - **Use 32 bit version on x64 agents**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Installs the x86 version of Node regardless of the CPU architecture of the agent.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | Running this task satisfies the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) for any subsequent tasks in the same job: Node, npm, node.js |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.144.0 or greater |
| Task category | Tool |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | Running this task satisfies the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) for any subsequent tasks in the same job: Node |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.144.0 or greater |
| Task category | Tool |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/use-node-v1.md, after:

---
title: UseNode@1 - Use Node.js ecosystem v1 task
description: Set up a Node.js environment and add it to the PATH, additionally providing proxy support.
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: ">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"
---

# UseNode@1 - Use Node.js ecosystem v1 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Set up a Node.js environment and add it to the PATH, additionally providing proxy support.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

```yaml
# Use Node.js ecosystem v1
# Set up a Node.js environment and add it to the PATH, additionally providing proxy support.
- task: UseNode@1
  inputs:
    #version: '10.x' # string. Version. Default: '10.x'.
    #checkLatest: false # boolean. Check for Latest Version. Default: false.
    #force32bit: false # boolean. Use 32 bit version on x64 agents. Default: false.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1 <=azure-pipelines-2020"

```yaml
# Use Node.js ecosystem v1
# Set up a Node.js environment and add it to the PATH, additionally providing proxy support.
- task: UseNode@1
  inputs:
    #version: '10.x' # string. Version. Default: '10.x'.
    #checkLatest: false # boolean. Check for Latest Version. Default: false.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="version"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`version`** - **Version**<br>
Type: string. Default value: '10.x'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Version Spec of the version to use.  Examples: 10.x, 10.15.1, >=10.15.0.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="checkLatest"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

**`checkLatest`** - **Check for Latest Version**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Always checks online for the latest available version that satisfies the version spec. This is typically false unless you have a specific scenario to always get latest. This will cause it to incur download costs when potentially not necessary, especially with the hosted build pool.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="force32bit"::: -->
:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020.1"

**`force32bit`** - **Use 32 bit version on x64 agents**<br>
Type: boolean. Default value: false.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Installs the x86 version of Node regardless of the CPU architecture of the agent.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2020"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | Running this task satisfies the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) for any subsequent tasks in the same job: Node, npm, node.js |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.144.0 or greater |
| Task category | Tool |

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2019.1"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build, Classic release |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | None |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | Running this task satisfies the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) for any subsequent tasks in the same job: Node |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version |  2.144.0 or greater |
| Task category | Tool |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
