task-reference/xcode-package-ios-v0.md, before:

---
title: XcodePackageiOS@0 - Xcode Package iOS v0 task
description: Generate an .ipa file from Xcode build output using xcrun (Xcode 7 or below).
ms.date: 08/18/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# XcodePackageiOS@0 - Xcode Package iOS v0 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Generate an .ipa file from Xcode build output using xcrun (Xcode 7 or below).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

This task is deprecated.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Xcode Package iOS v0
# Generate an .ipa file from Xcode build output using xcrun (Xcode 7 or below).
- task: XcodePackageiOS@0
  inputs:
    appName: 'name.app' # string. Required. Name of .app. Default: 'name.app'.
    ipaName: 'name.ipa' # string. Required. Name of .ipa. Default: 'name.ipa'.
    provisioningProfile: # string. Required. Provisioning Profile Name. 
    sdk: 'iphoneos' # string. Required. SDK. Default: 'iphoneos'.
  # Advanced
    appPath: '$(SDK)/$(Configuration)/build.sym/$(Configuration)-$(SDK)' # string. Required. Path to .app. Default: '$(SDK)/$(Configuration)/build.sym/$(Configuration)-$(SDK)'.
    ipaPath: '$(SDK)/$(Configuration)/build.sym/$(Configuration)-$(SDK)/output' # string. Required. Path to place .ipa. Default: '$(SDK)/$(Configuration)/build.sym/$(Configuration)-$(SDK)/output'.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="appName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`appName`** - **Name of .app**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: 'name.app'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Name of the .app, which is sometimes different from the .ipa.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ipaName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`ipaName`** - **Name of .ipa**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: 'name.ipa'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Name of the .ipa, which is sometimes different from the .app.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="provisioningProfile"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`provisioningProfile`** - **Provisioning Profile Name**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Name of the provisioning profile to use when signing.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="sdk"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`sdk`** - **SDK**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: 'iphoneos'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Use the specified SDK.  Run **xcodebuild -showsdks** to see the valid list of SDKs.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="appPath"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`appPath`** - **Path to .app**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: '$(SDK)/$(Configuration)/build.sym/$(Configuration)-$(SDK)'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Relative path to the built .app file.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ipaPath"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`ipaPath`** - **Path to place .ipa**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: '$(SDK)/$(Configuration)/build.sym/$(Configuration)-$(SDK)/output'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Relative path where the .ipa will be placed. The directory will be created if it doesn't exist.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | Self-hosted agents must have [capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) that match the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) to run jobs that use this task: xcode |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Build |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->

Commit message:

Task control options (#62)
* Task control options

* Fix up task links

* Common task properties.

* Common task properties

* Task control options

* Remove duplicate file

Co-authored-by: Steve Danielson <steve.danielson@microsoft.com>

task-reference/xcode-package-ios-v0.md, after:

---
title: XcodePackageiOS@0 - Xcode Package iOS v0 task
description: Generate an .ipa file from Xcode build output using xcrun (Xcode 7 or below).
ms.date: 09/01/2022
monikerRange: "<=azure-pipelines"
---

# XcodePackageiOS@0 - Xcode Package iOS v0 task

<!-- :::description::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

<!-- :::editable-content name="description"::: -->
Generate an .ipa file from Xcode build output using xcrun (Xcode 7 or below).
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

This task is deprecated.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::description-end::: -->

<!-- :::syntax::: -->
## Syntax

:::moniker range=">=azure-pipelines-2019"

```yaml
# Xcode Package iOS v0
# Generate an .ipa file from Xcode build output using xcrun (Xcode 7 or below).
- task: XcodePackageiOS@0
  inputs:
    appName: 'name.app' # string. Required. Name of .app. Default: 'name.app'.
    ipaName: 'name.ipa' # string. Required. Name of .ipa. Default: 'name.ipa'.
    provisioningProfile: # string. Required. Provisioning Profile Name. 
    sdk: 'iphoneos' # string. Required. SDK. Default: 'iphoneos'.
  # Advanced
    appPath: '$(SDK)/$(Configuration)/build.sym/$(Configuration)-$(SDK)' # string. Required. Path to .app. Default: '$(SDK)/$(Configuration)/build.sym/$(Configuration)-$(SDK)'.
    ipaPath: '$(SDK)/$(Configuration)/build.sym/$(Configuration)-$(SDK)/output' # string. Required. Path to place .ipa. Default: '$(SDK)/$(Configuration)/build.sym/$(Configuration)-$(SDK)/output'.
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range="=azure-pipelines-2018"

```yaml
# YAML Syntax is not supported in TFS 2018.
# Use the classic designer to add and configure tasks.
# See the following Inputs section for details on the inputs that this task supports.
```

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::syntax-end::: -->

<!-- :::inputs::: -->
## Inputs

<!-- :::item name="appName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`appName`** - **Name of .app**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: 'name.app'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Name of the .app, which is sometimes different from the .ipa.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ipaName"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`ipaName`** - **Name of .ipa**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: 'name.ipa'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Name of the .ipa, which is sometimes different from the .app.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="provisioningProfile"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`provisioningProfile`** - **Provisioning Profile Name**<br>
Type: string. Required.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Name of the provisioning profile to use when signing.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="sdk"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`sdk`** - **SDK**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: 'iphoneos'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Use the specified SDK.  Run **xcodebuild -showsdks** to see the valid list of SDKs.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="appPath"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`appPath`** - **Path to .app**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: '$(SDK)/$(Configuration)/build.sym/$(Configuration)-$(SDK)'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Relative path to the built .app file.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->
<!-- :::item name="ipaPath"::: -->
:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

**`ipaPath`** - **Path to place .ipa**<br>
Type: string. Required. Default value: '$(SDK)/$(Configuration)/build.sym/$(Configuration)-$(SDK)/output'.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->
Relative path where the .ipa will be placed. The directory will be created if it doesn't exist.
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::item-end::: -->

### Task control options

All tasks have control options in addition to their task inputs. For more information, see [Control options and common task properties](/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps-task#common-task-properties).
<!-- :::inputs-end::: -->

<!-- :::outputVariables::: -->
## Output variables

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

None.

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::outputVariables-end::: -->

<!-- :::remarks::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="remarks"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::remarks-end::: -->

<!-- :::examples::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="examples"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::examples-end::: -->

<!-- :::properties::: -->
## Requirements

:::moniker range="<=azure-pipelines"

| Requirement | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| Pipeline types | YAML, Classic build |
| Runs on | Agent, DeploymentGroup |
| [Demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) | Self-hosted agents must have [capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) that match the following [demands](/azure/devops/pipelines/process/demands) to run jobs that use this task: xcode |
| [Capabilities](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) | This task does not satisfy any demands for subsequent tasks in the job. |
| [Command restrictions](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| [Settable variables](/azure/devops/pipelines/security/templates#agent-logging-command-restrictions) | Any |
| Agent version | All supported agent versions. |
| Task category | Build |

:::moniker-end
<!-- :::properties-end::: -->

<!-- :::see-also::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content name="seeAlso"::: -->
<!-- :::editable-content-end::: -->
<!-- :::see-also-end::: -->
